Ask Chuck Todd Your Questions About Midterm Politicsask chuck todd your questions about midterm politics
5 Things Baby Boomers Need To Know About Bitcoinreddit
If you're like most Americans, you've heard about Bitcoin and are downright confused by it.  If you're from my generation, you may be envisioning men with very thick glasses hunched over an IBM mainframe beaming money up to the Battlestar Galactica.  But if you read my columns, you likely love innovation and are eager to learn.
So, in terms earthlings can understand, here are five things to know about Bitcoin:
1) It's e-mail for money.  Just like e-mail, no one owns the system on which Bitcoin sits.  And just like Google built Gmail or Microsoft built Hotmail on top of the e-mail system, certain companies have made Bitcoin easier to use by building platforms on top of the system.
2) It removes the middle-man.  Did you know that every time you use your credit card to buy an ice cream cone there are multiple companies taking a lick before the merchant gets his piece?  Bitcoin has no middle-man, hence you don't have to pay one.
3) Bitcoin accounts may get hacked.  Bitcoin may be used to buy drugs.  Companies that use Bitcoin may go bankrupt.  It's not infallible.  There is risk, just like anything else you do in life.  See what happened to JP Morgan recently?  But there are lots of very smart people working to mitigate those risks.
4) It's a volatile investment, with tremendous upside and tremendous downside.  It's not for everyone's portfolio.  Before you put any money into it, you should speak with a professional advisor who has done his or her diligence.  Most haven't, but those that have are members of the Digital Currency Council - a professional association for forward thinking advisors with an expertise in Bitcoin.  There will be many vendors creating products/services that will surround this new crytocurrency.  Let's see how it all shakes out.
5) Remember when you questioned why anyone would ever need a cell phone unless they were selling drugs on the street corner?  But then over time you realized that cell phones could be useful and convenient.  The same will happen for Bitcoin.  You may not see it yet, but in five years you'll wonder how you lived without it.
Signing off from the Battlestar Galactica flying high above earth, I'm April Rudin.  Thanks for reading my blog.
Oh, and did you see that Walter Isaacson of Time Magazine believes Bitcoin will save journalism?
Follow April Rudin on Twitter: www.twitter.com/TheRudinGroup
More:

Shalan Dere s ceramic wares a hit with Bollywood starsShalan Dere's ceramic wares a hit with Bollywood stars
Surekha Kadapa-Bose |  Oct 25, 2014 12:27 AM IST
Her face breaks into a smile as she picks up a unique blue vase and then points to a forlorn pink-and-blue salwar kameez-clad figurine sitting on a bench at a railway platform. For potter Shalan Dere, narrative plays a huge role in her ceramic works. As we move from one work to another at her studio, Potter’s Place, at Mahim in central Mumbai, her voice softens or becomes louder depending on the piece she is referring to. Dere points to a ‘group of people seated on a bench’ as her favourite. “Waiting for a train is always boring. But it’s interesting to watch people whiling away their time — maybe by dozing off, reading a newspaper or gazing vacantly at a passerby. It took me four attempts to get the right feel and look, especially of the bench,” explains Dere.
There is yet another piece that shows a group of people standing in a semicircle, engaged in animated conversation. “At nukkads in suburbs, you are likely to come across a group engaged in, what we call adda marna. It’s great fun to see them in a discussion’’, she says, pointing to the men attired in colourful trousers and shirts, kurta-pyjama and dhoti, standing in different postures.  
The piece about a ‘group of people seated on a bench’ is her favourite
According to Dere, most people don’t understand that ceramic pottery is not just limited to chini maati ke cups and saucers. “It is an art at par with painting and sculpting. Even if I make just tableware, each of the cups, bowls, plates or platters is made with a different clay, colour, glaze and a unique technique adopted to fire it. All this takes imagination and thus is expensive,” she says.
At Potter’s Place, one can find everything that a well-designed home in an upscale neighbourhood needs — bowls, platters, murals and sculptures. Dere’s love for nature is reflected in the beautifully crafted leaves. My eye rests on leaves of a myriad plants such as mango, banana, rose and peepul in a profusion of colours, all crafted from ceramic. The glaze makes them look incredibly lifelike. Then there are bowls and platters of every imaginable shape and depth. Dere has also created elegant tiles that can be used as wall hangings at home or in offices. She admits that it has taken various levels of experimentation to get the hues right. The pieces can cost anything between Rs 150 and Rs 70,000.
It’s difficult to imagine this gentle sari-clad lady, with salt-and-pepper hair tied neatly in a small bun, as an entrepreneur running a small-scale venture. After getting her masters degree in management studies from Jamnalal Bajaj Institute in 1968, she started working with her husband in trading of textile machinery. Her spare time was spent tending to plants that she gathered from all over the country at her bungalow.
Her acquaintance with pottery happened late in life when she was in her early 40s. It was her daughter, then studying at Mumbai’s St Xavier’s College, who drew her attention to pottery classes in progress near their residence. “I was always interested in art — be it painting, music or theatre. So in 1993, when I heard of these classes being conducted by Sandeep Mausekar, I decided to join on the condition that I would attend them only on weekends.’’
She was hooked from the word go and the first thing she did was invest in a potter’s wheel. As there was no kiln available in the neighbourhood, she would drive 70 kilometres with her unbaked works to the studio of the famous potters, Ajit and Pratima Vaidya, in Ishalgud, Karjat. It was there that she learnt the technique of firing and mixing the glaze.
“I am never happy repeating the same piece. After doing, maybe, 10 pieces, I start searching for new ways of expressing the idea. And perhaps that is one of the reasons that even after more than two decades, I am still fascinated by what my kiln offers me today,’’ says Dere, who is in her late 60’s now.
Earlier, she used to retail her pieces at a couple of stores in Mumbai, including the famed The Bombay Store, but she didn’t get a good response. So, she decided to sell them from her own studio. Actor John Abraham, a friend of her son Vikram, was the one who urged her to reach out to people more aggressively.
Today, several architects and interior designers visit her studio and buy what is on offer or commission special works. For instance, an architect wanted a special mural and willingly paid Rs 35,000 for it. Her tiles, used for decoration and not for flooring, too are in demand. Her ceramic pieces have found various celebrity admirers as well —Dimple Kapadia dropped in with her daughter Twinkle, as did Smita Godrej.
The studio has generated a lot of interest especially after she started conducting classes and workshops that are attended by people from varied backgrounds. And in order to make her art more visible, she has started participating in exhibitions and art festivals.
Dere admits that getting into full-time ceramic pottery may be costly, especially if one doesn’t have space to install a kiln. But if that isn’t a problem, the cost of starting can  be Rs 2,00,000 to Rs 3,00,000 for a wheel, a kiln and, of course, clay. “But then every art form is a struggle. And if one has the passion then one can overcome all hurdles!’’ says Dere.
Shalan Dere  will show her ceramic wares as part of Cerafest to be held at Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj Vastu Sangrahalaya, Mumbai from October 31 to November 2

Varanasi offers moksha amid chaosVaranasi offers moksha amid chaos
Geetanjali Krishna |  Oct 25, 2014 12:26 AM IST
Few places move me to clichés as Benares does. Its ghats exert a strange magnetic pull over me.  Something happens to me whilst there. I take the same old pictures of the boats, drink the same lassi in Vishwanath Gali and use clichés like karma and moksha a lot — often in the same sentence. Maybe it’s because Benares is so overwhelming, a city of chaos, crowds and corpses. Beggars beg, bathers bathe, tourists gawk and pilgrims pray — all near Manikarnika, the fabled funeral ghat where the devout believe that since the beginning of time, Shiva himself has whispered the mantra of salvation to the dead. For this reason, corpses arrive here like tourists to Mussoorie, causing life and death to co-exist in ways even clichés can’t convey.
This time, however, when we land in the spanking new airport at Babatpur, I’m more in the mood to explore the city’s quieter spots than to immerse myself in its chaos. “What about Sarnath? It’s a peaceful and quiet place,” suggests our driver and guide, Raju Shukla. It’s been over a decade since I visited Sarnath. As we drive past Chaukandi Stupa where the enlightened Buddha was reunited with his four companions, I wonder at the changes that have occurred here. The gardens are beautifully laid out, the ruins are labelled and well-maintained and although we are barely 11 kilometres from Benares, we seem to be light years away from its crowds. Other than a busload of Japanese tourists wearing jackets even though the hot sun is bearing down on us, the place is absolutely still.
Up ahead is the Dhamekh Stupa, which marks the place where the Buddha is believed to have delivered his first sermon after enlightenment. Tourists have stuck gold foil offerings on it. Strictly speaking, these aren’t allowed, but they do look pretty in the sunlight. We walk up to the place where the historic Ashoka Pillar was excavated. The capital now reposes in the Sarnath Museum, but the original base is still visible here. Flowers and lotus ponds are everywhere, and birds chirp somnolently in the afternoon sun.
Peaceful it is, but it’s time for lunch. We’re headed to another jewel of Benares, Nadesar Palace. Built in 1835, this was the pleasure palace where the king of Benares entertained guests like Jawaharlal Nehru, Lord Mountbatten and Queen Elizabeth. Now Taj Hotels has taken it over and converted it into a boutique, ten-room hotel. It’s a quaint step back in time — not only is the palace well-preserved, its original furniture, carpets and fittings have been restored and used as well. Fittingly, a 180-year-old horse carriage awaits to take us for a ride through its ample grounds.
“This carriage was presented to the king by Queen Elizabeth,” says its driver, Naseem Mohammad, as we trot past an old temple, marigold fields and mango orchards. Mohammad reminds me that the fabled langra mangoes of Benares originated right here. Sadly, they’re not in season, but I look at the blossoms on the trees and make a mental note to return in the summer just for the mangoes. “My father, and grandfather before him, used to drive this carriage. When the palace was taken over by the Taj, they decided to retain me.” Mohammad’s family still retains ties to the King. “Even now, we offer our services to him during Dusshera and Diwali for 40 days,” he says. As he talks, I realise how the life and times of Nadesar Palace reflects a Benares that few know well. Benares isn’t just the city of the Ganga, ghats and temples, but also a city where traditions still live on.
“Culturally, people in Benares are totally different from everyone else,” says he. “One doesn’t need to be wealthy to enjoy the pleasures of Kashi, be it sitting on the steps of an ancient ghat with friends or watching artists perform in the Sankatmochan Temple. We in Benares say that all these experiences aren’t free — they’re priceless!"
The next morning, we head to Assi Ghat for a boat ride at dawn, the best time to see the river. The rising sun pinks the tops of the ghats as it rises over the horizon. A shoal of flying fish arch gracefully in a distance as the ghats pass by, as if in a slow motion reel. “If only Benares were always this peaceful…” sighs my city-bred daughter for whom the congested labyrinth of lanes leading to the ghats is overwhelming. Just for that, we ask our boatman to take us to view the evening aarti as well. If dawn over the Ganga is magical, dusk, with its intense assault of flowers, incense and jostling pilgrims, takes one to a different zone altogether.
A stupa in Sarnath
We light our diyas in the leafy boats, set afloat in the Ganga and follow their flickering light till we can see them no more. Meanwhile, seven young priests, all students of local religious seminaries, appear. With great fanfare, the crowded Dashashwamedh Ghat erupts in the spectacular aarti, all seven performing the complex fire ritual in perfect synchronisation.
Around us, there’s a traffic jam of boats as everyone scrambles for a better view. But as I watch the ancient rituals unfold amidst all the mayhem, a strange quietude finally descends upon me. Could it be that after seeking it all the way from Sarnath to Nadesar, I’ve finally found peace in the anarchy of the ghats? Then it sinks in, the ultimate cliche of them all.
When the mind is still, external chaos is immaterial. With that thought, I get off the boat at Assi Ghat and plunge right back into the bedlam of Benares.
Getting There
* Multiple daily trains connect Benares to cities including Delhi, Agra, Lucknow, Mumbai and Kolkata
* Air India, JetKonnect, SpiceJet and IndiGo have daily flights to Delhi, Mumbai and other metros
* Pre-paid taxis are available at the airport for day excursions to Sarnath. Within the city, avoid the perennially jammed roads by opting for rickshaws instead

Naseeruddin Shah: the actor in my headNaseeruddin Shah: the actor in my head
Arundhuti Dasgupta |  Oct 25, 2014 12:28 AM IST
The words flow like they would, out of an actor’s microphone. “Baba was an Anglophile,” he says and one can sense the pause as he looks up and catches the audience’s eye and continues, “He never left home, even in a one-tractor town like Sardhana, without his hat.” He draws the reader, like the audience in his plays, into his finely woven web with his choice of words and memories.
Baba and Sardhana are recurring themes in the book. Baba, in the tradition of the pater familias, was dominating, stoic and non-communicative with his family and rigid about his views and principles. His is the spirit that infuses Shah’s narrative. And Sardhana is the backdrop against which his story is told; a remote dusty village in north India where colourful, mysterious and magical characters reside.
The book begins with his first memories of childhood, which are delightfully fanciful and exaggerated. His descriptions of his uncles, their attire and demeanour and his ties with his mother and father, with whom he goes on to share an extremely troubled relationship, are endearing. There is a tale in almost every corner he turns. How he escaped his professor’s wrath; his first exposure to theatre and his meeting with Geoffrey Kendall who he considers his first guru; the return of his brother from Sardhana and such others — the stories cook up a delectable feast.
Almost every memory he pens down is imbued with his deep love for theatre. The first time that he staged a play for a school competition, he surprised himself by leading a group of four clueless boys to enact scenes from The Merchant of Venice. “And amazingly for me, I seemed instinctively to know what I should do,” he says. Shah seems to have hung on to this conviction for life. He not only loved acting but felt good doing it. And such was the strength of his belief, he writes, that he felt that nothing appeared to be too daunting — not even having to share his love for acting with his father. It was lucky, for Shah and for us, the public, that he discovered his passion early. It has allowed for a range of unforgettable performances in cinema and theatre.
Like actors all over the world, he appears both self-assured and insecure, two conflicting characteristics, but they rest amiably within him.
As much as he is immersed in his craft and surprised by his natural abilities, he is also continuously angered by the flaws he detects in his acting. This is why, perhaps, he quickly dissociates himself with his movies soon after they are released. It does not matter that some of the movies that he has been a part of have hit the sweet spot with critics and audiences. Shah, it seems, is never satisfied. Thus he says of the two roles that brought him fame and critical acclaim — in Manthan and in Junoon: “Despite generating more  work for me and bringing me continued acclaim, are not among my personal favourites”.
We are never really sure whether Shah does have a personal favourite but that could just be his self-deprecatory demeanour. And therein lies one of the problems with the book. It makes for a great performance: the memories are well strung together, the associations made between the characters that appear in his life are interesting and his growth as an actor is fascinating. The book seems to be crying out for applause, but as a memoir, it falls short.
The actor is too careful with his emotions. When he talks about the abandonment of his daughter and his subsequent remorse and their reunion, when he takes us to the dark corners of the swamps in which he has been, he does not appear to have bared it all. Or when he tells us about his running battle with Jaspal, a former friend from Film and Television Institute of India, his incomprehension comes through but not the pain or anger at falling apart with someone who was almost an alter ego. Also surprisingly, and disappointingly, his wife, whom he calls, “the queen of her species”, gets very little page space in this book.   
There is no disguise, however, in his disgust and contempt for some of his contemporaries and colleagues. He is not afraid to name people and bring out their most annoying traits. His sarcasm is delightful when he tells us about a trying car ride with “motormouth” Vidhu Vinod Chopra or the big producers who expect every actor, struggling and otherwise, to jump at their command. Shah is entertaining and insightful and his book must be read by all who believe they have an actor inside them.
Book Details

Tommy Hilfiger s designs on IndiaTommy Hilfiger's designs on India
Asmita Aggarwal |  Oct 25, 2014 12:16 AM IST
 
“India has a special place in my heart,” says ace fashion designer Tommy Hilfiger who is known across the globe for creating the classic cool American style. Dressed in a plain grey shirt, with his trademark professor glasses in place, Hilfiger is in India to celebrate the brand’s decade-long presence in the country. “I love the way Indian women drape the sari. I am often engulfed in a sea of salwar-kameez-clad women and men in kurta pyjamas in Chandni Chowk as they conduct business with ease. India is a country where you get to learn the art of life,” he says.
It was one such trip to old Delhi’s iconic market in the 1970s that started Hilfiger’s love affair with India.  And now he simply can’t leave Chandni Chowk without sampling food at Moti Mahal or without buying reams of fabrics that he takes back to his tailors to create a line of affordable luxury.  “And I’m obsessed with Bukhara food at the ITC Maurya, where I can devour anything tandoori,” smiles Hilfiger, reminding you a bit of the iconic artist Andy Warhol. In fact, Hilfiger and Warhol’s association goes back to the 1960s when they were introduced to one another by Mohan Murjani of the Murjani Group. “Both of us were to collaborate with artist Stephen Sprouse. We were almost there, but it just wasn’t meant to happen,” reminisces Hilfiger.
It was while partying with Warhol in New York, that Hilfiger came across a stimulating new wave of artists, photographers and filmmakers and realised that pop was the buzzword. “It was in places such as Studio 54, a swinging nightclub, where the best minds would converge,” he recalls.
Tommy Hilfiger
However, life has not always been a party for Hilfiger. Growing up in the small town of Elmira in New York, as one of the nine children, means and opportunities weren’t always readily available. “Being the oldest, I had to be the leader. We all had to start work early to help the family. Everyone did one’s bit despite differences in personalities and levels of understanding,” he says.
Hilfiger soon opened his first store, The People’s Place, in this nondescript town. But he tried to expand too early and was bankrupt by the age of 23. “Even at 18, I knew that I would build my own brand, even though I knew nothing about pattern making, design or manufacturing. I think it was the fire in my belly which made me work hard. But bankruptcy taught me the biggest lesson in business: never get ambitious without a solid plan,” says Hilfiger. Keeping this in mind, he taught himself how to draw and design. And now he is the founder of an international brand that is going to turn 30 next year.
During his journey in the world of fashion, he has seen styles evolve and change. For instance, when he came to India in 1979, he discovered that dress codes were very traditional. “But today, Indians are truly global fashion citizens. Unlike 10 years ago, when they would ask me, ‘Can you get us a pair of Nike shoes? Or those hoodies or jerseys.’ I knew it was time to launch the brand in India and offer them all the things they saw me wearing,” says Hilfiger, while adding that the youth in India is extremely sophisticated and in tune with the global community. “The young in New York, London, Paris and India listen to the same music and enjoy the same food, so there is really no difference,” he says.  
Besides hard work, Hilfiger rates luck as a factor in his success. “I have been around great people. Also, I knew that I had to focus on affordable luxury, something that is wearable, and we never wanted to make expensive couture. We could have gone the Zara and H & M way but we wanted to offer a great fit, good quality with an aspirational value. I was never interested in couture, it is an art form and very specific. I feel you have to be in Paris to excel in it,” he laughs.

How Text Messages Change From Dating To Marriagereddit
Way back in October 2008, my now husband and I went on our first date. On our one year anniversary, his gift to me was a Word doc of all of our text messages since our first date (what he likes to refer to as #thegiftofdata). This was especially high tech back in the day (given that we both had feature phones) and what I considered to be the most thoughtful gift ever (given that we are both nerds).
To celebrate our six year anniversary, I decided to take his present to the next level. I took a look at all of our text messages from our first year of dating and compared them with our text messages from the past year as an engaged couple and then newlyweds. I started by looking at the words we used in our text messages six years ago versus present day.
First of all, we can clearly see that my husband has an obsession with the word "home." As for me, my early twenties self frequently started conversations with the term "hey," and more recently I seem to have decided to no longer greet my husband, but instead agree with most of the things he texts me.
I then looked at the frequency of specific terms we used in our text messages when we started dating compared to the past year.
Our conversations changed from "hey, what's up?" to "OK, sounds good." We stopped saying each other's names in our text messages. We don't say "love" as much anymore. Several words stayed relatively consistent over the years though, such as "home" and "dinner." I took a look at the actual text messages that contained these words, and found that although the terms stayed the same, the context they were used in actually changed over time.
The main difference is that while we were dating, we didn't see each other every day, so a lot of our communication had to happen via text. We'd often message the other person to see what they were doing or tell them that we were thinking of them. As a married couple, since we're together all the time, we set up date nights and say sweet things to each other in person, so texting is mostly used to confirm logistics or share random thoughts.
Since the content of our text messages changed so much, I decided to look and see if the time of day we'd send text messages to each other changed as well. I focused on the messages we sent each other during the month after our first date, our engagement and our wedding.
While we were dating, we started thinking about each other around 3 p.m. in the afternoon and we'd send each other text messages until 3 a.m. in the morning. As a married couple, our texting schedule has pretty much flipped. We text all through the workday and never at night.
We see the same story here. As a new couple, since we were apart the majority of the time, we had to check in with the other person every now and then, especially during the evening and late at night when we had no idea who they were with! It was also to tell the other person that we were out late doing something cool without them... and wishing they were there, of course.
As a committed couple, the only time of the day that we aren't together is during the workday, so that's when we text. We know exactly where the other person is each evening and if we're doing something cool, it's likely that we're in it together and telling each other about it face to face.
Overall, our text messages started out very flirty and personal. Since we were new in our relationship, we made sure the things we said were interesting and thoughtful. As our relationship progressed, we spent more time together and got more comfortable with each other. Our text messages became more predictable, but only because all of the unpredictable things were said in person. We no longer have to text "I love you" from a distance in the middle of the night. I can now roll over, snuggle with my husband and whisper it into his ear.
To my husband: happy anniversary and I hope you enjoy your 2014 version of #thegiftofdata.
Alice Zhao is a data scientist who writes regularly at adashofdata.com
Follow Alice Zhao on Twitter: www.twitter.com/adashofdata
More:

Goa Government Initiates Clearance of Mining Leases for Operations: ReportIndian Realty Market Sees $4.5 Billion Investment During January-September: CBRE
Panaji: The state mines department has moved a file clearing ten mining leases, initiating a major step to resume mining operations halted for last two years in Goa.
The file clearing the proposal of ten mining leases has been moved to state mines secretary, a senior mines department official said.
Five leases of Fomento Resources Group, three of Chowgule and Company Pvt Ltd and two of Agarwal Minerals Goa Pvt Ltd are being processed to operate, he said.
The leases would be renewed by the state government under section 8(3) of Mines and Minerals (Development and Regulation) Act.
The Supreme Court, which had lifted the ban on state's mining operations in April this year, had asked the Goa government to form a policy before allotting the leases.
The Manohar Parrikar-led government had recently passed the Grant of Mining Leases Policy which had decided not to auction them (leases), but to hand them over to original operators once they complete all the formalities.
The ten mining leases whose files are under process of clearance have already paid stamp duty to the government, the official said.
The state government has already collected stamp duty from 28 mining leases, including these ten, which would be taken up on priority for resumption of mining operations, he said.
Once the ten mining leases get a go ahead from the state government, the mine owners will have to get clearances, like the environment nod, from the Central government before actually starting the ore extraction, he added.
Story first published on: October 23, 2014 11:58 (IST)

Facebook CEO dazzles with MandarinMark Zuckerberg
Facebook CEO dazzles with Mandarin
During a business conference seminar at Tsinghua University in Beijing, Mark Zuckerberg discussed Facebook's China plans in Mandarin. His language skills stunned the audience.
During a business conference seminar at Tsinghua University in Beijing, Mark Zuckerberg discussed Facebook's China plans in Mandarin. His language skills stunned the audience.

Editorial: Minding The MonitorE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Editorial: Living with FTAsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

London property: the break clause© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/d2e83710-5a94-11e4-8625-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Mobile messaging apps eating into telcos SMS revenueMobile messaging apps eating into telcos’ SMS revenue
Rajesh Kurup
‘Unfair competition’ leads to 20-30% SMS drop in the last 15 months
Mumbai, October 23:  
Usage of the short messaging service (SMS), the most-widely used mobile application across the world, is on the wane in India, thanks to cannibalisation by over-the-top (OTT) applications such as WhatsApp and Skype.
Over the past 15 months, there has been a 20-30 per cent fall in SMSes, an erosion caused largely by OTT apps.
“It’s cannibalisation…. Apart from impacting revenues, OTT applications are also cluttering the network,” says Hemant Joshi, Partner at Deloitte Haskins & Sells.
The flipside is that OTT apps need a data service, which mitigates the operator’s revenue loss to an extent.
Unfair competition
“It’s unfair competition as OTT apps use the highway (infrastructure and network) created by the service providers,” says Joshi. OTT apps help in exchanging text, audio and video content over the Internet. The commonly used OTT apps are BBM, Facebook Messenger, WeChat, WhatsApp and Hike. There are free video and voice calling apps such as Skype and Viber, and social media platforms such as Twitter.
“SMS as a category is declining as OTT applications are eating into it. It is actually a behavioural issue that is happening in the industry,” says Raju Vanapala, CEO of free SMS portal Way2sms.com.
Way2sms.com buys SMS from operators at 22 paisa each and provides it free-of-cost. The company, which has more than 40 million users, gets its revenue from advertisements.
In India, about 8-10 billion SMSes are sent on an average day, mostly commercial messages across the total mobile user base of 905 million and some landlines.
According to a Juniper Research study, operators worldwide will lose $14 billion to OTT services this year, a 26 per cent increase from 2013.
So, is the SMS on its last leg? “While a large number of SMS users are moving into OTT apps, a similar quantum is sending SMSes for the first time. So, it’s being compensated,” claims Himanshu Kapania, MD of Idea Cellular.
However, OTT applications have not made much of an impact on voice revenues.
(This article was published on October 23, 2014)
Related

Industry response to Ebola quickensIndustry response to Ebola quickens
Andrew Ward in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/73319d1c-5abb-11e4-8625-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

3 Ways to Tap Social Media to Fuel Business Resultsreddit
If you're a small business owner and you want to pack more punch into your PR, sales and recruiting efforts but don't have a million dollar budget, I have a little secret to share.  Social media can add some pedal to your metal, and you may already have the resources in place to get started for little cost.
Many companies realize they "need" to "do" social, but they're not really sure what it means, how it fits into their business model or how it impacts business results. Couple this with the fear of doing it wrong and lack of dedicated resources to manage the efforts, and social media gets put on the back burner again.
Social media is both an art and a science, and with the right amount of focus, planning and execution, it can open up new avenues to communicate your message to the (targeted) masses and turn your employees into powerful storytelling forces.
Let's take a look at three important areas of your business where social media activity can reap rewards. But before we dive in, there's one very important thing to remember. Social media is all about connections! Even with all the communication tools today, we sometimes forget how to truly connect. Your goal should be to educate, entertain and engage your social media communities without asking for anything in return.
Amp Up Your Public Relations
The bottom line is this -- social media can supercharge your PR campaigns. So where do you start and how do you unlock the potential? You start by understanding who you're trying to reach and what messages will resonate with them. Then take a look at your communications and PR plans and ask yourself where social media can be integrated. Can you get creative with an upcoming product announcement? Can you reach people through social media to promote your presence at an upcoming industry conference? Can your executives' speaking schedules be promoted on social media? Social media integration should be part of your planning, not an idea you add-on at the end.
Now, take a look at the content you already have at your disposal-- I bet you'll be pleasantly surprised at all you have to work with. Even if content feels old to you, it should be considered for reuse and repurposing. I call it "deconstructing" the asset. Turn an article into a company blog post, make quotes and statistics stand out with quote cards on Facebook, share business insights in a LinkedIn post. Once you've (re)created your assets, continue to drive awareness by posting them multiple times, highlighting a different part of the message each time. Don't get overwhelmed by the need to create new content - find ways to increase the mileage you get out of what you already have. The latest Vocus State of Public Relations report showed that 78% of PR professionals that responded use social to share content and more than 50% of them use social 58 percent use social to follow trends and share media coverage.
Here are some tips to help you get started:
Monitor social conversations. What are people talking about? Turn trending topics into content.
Create a video. Conduct a quick interview with your team or a client or a new employee. Videos don't have to be professionally-produced to be effective.
Build a list. "Best" or "worst" tips, recommendations or myths related to your industry.
Conduct original research. Poll customers and/or your social media community.
Rev Up Your Sales Revenue
Social media can be intimidating even to the most experienced sales person. But keep your eyes on the prize: what social offers is a chance to build trust with potential customers. At its core sales is about building and maintaining relationships, and social media offers another way to do just this. Social listening is "the process of monitoring digital media channels to devise a strategy that will better influence consumers." A recent study by WebDAM found that 43% of companies found a customer via LinkedIn and 52% via Facebook.
My personal experience with social listening paid dividends. While leading the social media efforts at a global technology company, I worked closely with our lead generation team to find ways to engage potential customers through social media. We studied hundreds of posts on Twitter and LinkedIn to identify common themes. We listened to what people were saying about the industry, which gave us valuable information. By tracking people's issues and business pains we were able compile a list of "keywords." For example, "My streaming video keeps cutting out!" or "Apologies - our website is down after being hacked" yielded keywords related to the company's technology solutions in those areas. My team set up Twitter lists to monitor social media for conversations that used these keywords and then used them to connect via Twitter or LinkedIn with a personalized email that offered a solution. We tracked every interaction in our CRM system and after a few months of activity, the results showed that we were capturing new leads and closing deals.
Find New Candidate Nirvana
Social media can play a key role in attracting new talent. While the number one thing candidates are looking for is job opportunities, they also want to know what it's like to work somewhere.
Here are 3 ideas to showcase your brand's personality and drive top talent to your company:
A picture is worth a thousand words. Images offer a way to tell
prospective candidates your company's story. Entice them with photo albums that show them your company's culture: 'Employee of the Week,' 'The Faces behind our New Hires,' and 'A Peek Inside Our Office.'
Say goodbye to the traditional job description. Limit your basic "we're hiring" social media posts that only talk about the job title with ones that bring the job to life. Deconstruct the job description - turn it into tweets, a blog post, a short video, etc.
Have new hires blog about their first few months on the job to give an inside look at what it's like for new employees.
Social media at its core simply provides a new place to communicate, but its rapid growth has left many unsure of how to use it and unable to learn as quickly as new social media channels arise. Take a little time to identify the right social media audiences for your company, unearth your best content and engage in a bit of social "listening", and you'll be on your way.
This article is a part of a series exploring communications and media trends in honor of the inaugural Communications Week , a week-long series of events celebrating the communications industry, held from October 20-24, 2014. Follow @CommsWeekNY.
Post by Jennifer Donovan, the founder of Nova Communications. You can reach her at (@jendonovansf).
Follow Communications Week on Twitter: www.twitter.com/CommsWeekNY
More:

Airports put on high alert after email threatens terror attack on Air India flightsOct 24, 2014 at  01:32pm IST
Airports put on high alert after email threatens terror attack on Air India flights
45
4
New Delhi: A high alert has been sounded in the Ahmedabad, Mumbai and Kochi airports following threat of a possible terror attack on Air India flights.
Sources say that two Air India flights will be targeted by suicide bombers. Friday night flight from Ahmedabad to Mumbai and Saturday's early morning flight from Mumbai to Kochi will be sabotaged, say reports.
"High alert has been sounded in all flights, anti-hijacking teams of National Security Guard have been stationed in all flights, all airport emergency mechanism is in place," said sources in the Bureau of Civil Aviation Security.
Friday night flight from Ahmedabad to Mumbai and Saturday's early morning flight from Mumbai to Kochi will be sabotaged, say reports.
#kerala #kochi airport #terror attack #cochin
The precautions were taken after the Director of Airport Authority of India (AAI) received an email warning of a terror attack.
Stringent security measures are being taken at the Cochin International Airport in Kerala. According to Kochi airport Public Relations Officer (PRO), the mail claimed that the flights will be sabotaged.
In Kochi airport, security personnel have conducted checks, and a review meeting of the Central Industrial Security Force (CISF) officials has been called.
The Bureau of Aviation Security had also held an emergency meeting in New Delhi on Friday morning.
302

UK banks axe branches in favour of digitalUK banks axe branches in favour of digital model
Emma Dunkley and Martin Arnold
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5ea06dae-5adb-11e4-8625-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Banks need to think out-of-the-box on MSMEs: ExpertBanks need to think out-of-the-box on MSMEs: Expert
Press Trust of India | Kochi Oct 24, 2014 01:44 PM IST
While the Prime Minister has come out with his thrust on 'Make in India' and 'Skill India', the present financial architecture in the country does not truly support such a policy perspective, says Dr P M Mathew, Director, Kochi based Institute of Small enterprises and Development.
He was speaking about the 'Micro, Small and Medium Enterprise Report 2014' report which analyses the latest scene of enterprise development and entrepreneurship in the country and was released recently.
Inadequate flow of credit to the MSMEs is a global problem. While entrepreneurs often complain on the problem of credit stringency, banks account it for entrepreneurs' lack of financial knowledge and improper guidance, a release quoting him said.
The ISED findings are based on a research by a team of its specialized knowledge platform, the 'ISED Small Enterprise Observatory'.
The expert team's investigation, including discussions with top management of various leading banks, indicates that: morbidity among MSMEs was considerably less than that in the corporate sector; recovery levels were high and the speed with which they fall back on track was faster. The overall impact of failures was much lower than that in respect of large units.
If that be so, one wonders why the interest rates for MSME lending should be 13 to 15% while larger industries get finance at 10 to 11.5%, he asked.
While the MSME credit gap is a global problem, a solution can best come from developing and articulating a business case, by which banks find lending to MSMEs a truly attractive business proposition. However, the thrust of policies so far has been more regulatory than promotional.
The report calls for a paradigm shift. New institutional structures and incentive systems need to be explored. Such a search for alternatives need to be based on a close understanding of the existing regulatory and cultural practices at various levels.

 Gold Slips  Poised For Weekly Loss on Strong US DataYou are here: Home Commodities
Gold Slips, Poised For Weekly Loss on Strong US Data, Dollar
Reuters | Updated On: October 24, 2014 10:42 (IST)
Gold Weakens on Global Cues, Silver Falls on Reduced Offtake
Singapore: Gold dipped for a third session in a row on Friday and was set to snap a two-week winning streak as a firmer US dollar and robust economic data dented the metal's appeal as a hedge.
Bullion's dip comes despite a tumble in US stock futures and gains in other safe-havens such as bonds and the yen after a doctor in New York City tested positive for Ebola.
The metal was weighed down by strong global economic data on Thursday that calmed investor nerves after a recent selloff, prompting many to pull out of gold and get back into riskier assets.
"Gold prices weakened as positive economic data hurt investor demand," said Victor Thianpiriya, an analyst at ANZ.
"The combination of a stronger dollar and higher bond yields has seen gold exchange-traded fund (ETF) holdings slump. Strong physical demand is only providing a backstop for prices," said Thianpiriya.
Spot gold eased 0.2 per cent to $1,229.98 an ounce by 0341 GMT, after slipping over 1 per cent in the previous two sessions.
The metal is headed for a weekly loss of 0.6 per cent as the dollar gained after two weekly declines in a row.
A strong greenback makes gold more expensive for holders of other currencies.
Data on Thursday showed that new claims for US unemployment benefits held below 300,000 for a sixth straight week last week, suggesting the labour market was shrugging off jitters over a slowing global economy.
Euro zone businesses performed much better than forecasters expected this month and China's vast factory sector grew a shade faster, but US manufacturing activity sputtered to its slowest since July, underscoring the uneven nature of the post-crisis global economy.
Holdings in SPDR Gold Trust, the world's top bullion ETF, fell to its lowest since late 2008 this week, in a sign of lingering bearish sentiment in the bullion market.
The fund also saw earlier this week its biggest daily percentage drop in holdings in a year despite a price jump to a six-week high.
Palladium was the best performer among precious metals for the week, with a near 4 percent jump.
"For the moment it looks like palladium is the favoured metal out of the precious four," MKS Group said in a note. "Supply concerns out of Russia and rumours of stockpiling are helping a positive technical scene on the charts."
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Wal-Mart India Appoints Murali Lanka Operations ChiefAviation Regulator Acts Tough Against Troubled SpiceJet: Report
Mumbai:
Wal-Mart Stores Inc's India unit said it had appointed company veteran Murali Lanka to the newly created position of chief operations officer to lead store operations and business development in the world's second most populous country.
Lanka, who in his earlier five-year stint with Wal-Mart India helped set up its wholesale format in the country, is currently a developmental regional general manager in the United States.
The world's largest retailer has 20 wholesale outlets in India and plans to roll out 50 more over four to five years.
The appointment of Lanka, who will report to Wal-Mart India Chief Executive Krish Iyer, is effective December 1, the company said in a statement on Friday.
Arvind Mediratta, who was the company's chief operating officer in India, was appointed as a senior vice president at its US headquarters in August.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Sobha Q2 sales bookings drop 12% to Rs 559 croreSobha Q2 sales bookings drop 12% to Rs 559 crore
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Oct 24, 2014 08:46 PM IST
Real estate firm Sobha Ltd’s sales bookings fell 12 per cent to Rs 559 crore during the second quarter of this fiscal due to poor demand. The company had posted a sales bookings of Rs 632.3 crore in the year-ago period. “The company during the quarter achieved new sales of 833,991 sq ft valued at Rs 559 cr with an average realisation of Rs 6,703 per sq ft,” Bangalore-based Sobha said in its operational update for the July-September quarter.
Sales volume dropped to 833,000 sq ft during the second quarter of the present fiscal from 1 million sq ft in the year-ago period. However, sales realisation improved 6.32 per cent to Rs 6,703 per sq ft. “During the quarter, the company has delivered a stable and consistent performance in all its southern markets. The real demand in the northern and western markets as a whole continues to be weak and the company remains cautious about these micro-markets in the medium term,” Sobha said.
The company SAID there has been an uptick in the general business sentiments post formation of the new government at the Centre. “Whilst the steps being taken by the new government enthuse optimism, the same is yet to translate into a significant revival of demand in the real estate sector,” it added.
On a relative basis, the demand in the southern markets continued to be stable compared to the other markets.
During the first six months of this fiscal, Sobha’s sales bookings fell to Rs 1,041.2 crore from Rs 1,235.1 crore in the corresponding period of previous year. Sobha’s sales bookings stood at Rs 2,343 crore during the full 2013-14 financial year but missed the target of Rs 2,600 crore due to the slowdown in demand, especially in the NCR-Gurgaon region. “With the approaching festive season and an expected improvement of overall performance in the second half of the fiscal, the company remains positive about achieving the guidance set for the year (2014-15 fiscal),” Sobha said.

UK firm gets mandate for TAPI pipelineE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Vietnam PM s India visit to focus on increased economic activitiesHi Guest
Vietnam PM's India visit to focus on increased economic activities
Increased economic engagement will be the focus during Vietnamese Prime Minister Nguyen Tan Dung's visit next week even as India was examining the Vietnamese offer of additional oil blocks for exploration in the South China Sea. Noting that the two countries have exceeded their trade target set for 2015 ahead of schedule, officials in the Ministry of External Affairs on Friday said while the two sides have mature defence and security cooperation architecture, the focus of Tan's visit would be ...

Lower bad loan costs boost CaixabankOctober 24, 2014 1:49 pm
Caixabank profit rises sharply on lower bad loan costs
Ian Mount in Barcelona
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1907a332-5b6e-11e4-b68a-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Amazon: discipline out of stock© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/8b2fa686-5af5-11e4-8625-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

IIM Kozhikode summer placements over in record timeE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Clearer pictures from Mars Orbiter soon: OfficialClearer pictures from Mars Orbiter soon: Official
Tesco using India IT hub to stay aheadTesco using India IT hub to stay ahead
Paswan asks states to monitor qualityPaswan asks states to monitor quality
Rail line sparks Jerusalem tensionsRail line becomes lightning rod for tensions in Jerusalem
John Reed in Jerusalem
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5babc08c-59fd-11e4-be86-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

5% growth rate remotely not enough : Chief Economic Adviser Arvind Subramanian5% growth rate remotely not enough : Chief Economic Adviser Arvind Subramanian
Cameron defies 2.1bn EU surchargeDavid Cameron angry over €2.1bn EU surcharge
Alex Barker in Brussels and Chris Giles and George Parker in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c190d932-5b6f-11e4-b68a-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Top officer Subodh Karnik quits Jet AirwaysTop officer Subodh Karnik quits Jet Airways
PTI Oct 24, 2014, 08.19PM IST
Tags:
Gary K Toomey
(While a spokesperson for…)
NEW DELHI: Top Jet Airways' officer Subodh Karnik has quit the airline, becoming the latest in a spate of resignations from the premier private carrier after Gulf-based Etihad Airways picked up 24 per cent stake in it.
Karnik was appointed Chief Operating Officer-designate, pending regulatory clearances, only in July this year.
While a spokesperson for the airline said Karnik left Jet for "family reasons", there have been several other high- profile exits over the past few months.
They include two CEOs Nikos Kardassis and Gary K Toomey , Chief Commercial Officer Sudheer Raghavan , Chief Financial Officer Ravishankar Gopalakrishnan and Vice President (Investor Relations) K G Vishwanath, after Jet and Abu Dhabi- based Etihad struck the deal in November last year.
"Subodh Karnik, Chief Operating Officer (Designate) will be leaving Jet Airways for family reasons and is returning to Atlanta to be closer to his wife and children who were unable to move to India," a Jet spokesperson said here.
"He will continue to work with Jet Airways in an advisory capacity on key strategic initiatives," she added.
Karnik, who took over from Hameed Ali after the latter joined the airline's board, was given the task to oversee commercial and sales functions of the airline.
Karnik had earlier worked for several global airlines like North West, Continental and Delta Airlines and was also the CEO of Global Aero Logistics , one of the largest provider of private air charter service to US military and corporates.
Cramer Ball, a former chief executive from Air Seychelles in which Etihad has a stake, is now the CEO of Jet Airways after receiving security and regulatory nod.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Government Clears 20 FDI Proposals Worth Rs 988 CroreYou are here: Home Economy
Government Clears 20 FDI Proposals Worth Rs 988 Crore
Press Trust of India | Updated On: October 24, 2014 20:39 (IST)
Iron Ore Imports Surge as Prices Fall
New Delhi: The Finance Ministry has cleared 20 foreign direct investment (FDI) proposals including 6 in the pharmaceuticals sector envisaging a total inflow of Rs 988.3 crore.
The proposals of Fresenius Kabi Oncology for Rs 119 crore and Amneal Pharmaceuticals Company's for up to Rs 205 crore have been approved by the Foreign Investment Promotion Board (FIPB), a multi-department panel headed by Finance Secretary.
Indusind Bank's proposal seeking increase in foreign investment in the bank to 74 per cent has also been cleared.
The amount of fund flow would depend on when the actual transaction takes place in case of the bank.
The bank, according to a release on Friday, sought "a specific request to grant post-facto approval for increase in foreign holding from 68.51 per cent to 72.07 per cent on June 30, 2014".
These proposals were approved at the FIPB meeting held on September 16, it said.
Tamil Nadu-based Equitas Holdings Pvt Ltd, with the largest proposed investment in the lot, would bring foreign capital of Rs 325 crore.
The approval was sought by the company for downstream investment in its wholly-owned subsidiaries by its existing and new foreign shareholders leading to an increase in the foreign equity from 91.30 per cent to 93.12 per cent. It is followed by Mumbai-based Tara India Fund envisaging investment of Rs 305.63 crore.
Under the defence sector, proposals of Bharti Shipyard Ltd and Solar Industries India will not lead to any fund flow.
Telecom player Verizon Communications India's proposal for an increase in foreign equity participation by its foreign parent from 74 per cent to 100 per cent was approved entailing investment of Rs 2.32 crore.
Meanwhile, FIPB rejected 5 proposals including one by Sistema Shyam Teleservices Ltd (SSTL). ( Read more )
SSTL sought permission to increase FDI up to 100 per cent in the company and its downstream wholly owned subsidiary Shyam Internet Services Ltd, both engaged in the telecom sector, on account of conversion of redeemable preference shares into equity.
At the same time, 8 proposals including four from the pharma sector was rejected.
Proposals of BioMerieux India Pvt Ltd and Kusum Healthcare Pvt Ltd among pharma sectors were rejected.
Story first published on: October 24, 2014 19:17 (IST)

China s president Xi Jinping pledges $81 million in Ebola aidChina s president Xi Jinping pledges $81 million in Ebola aid
Markets brace for ECB stress testsMarkets brace for ECB stress tests
Christopher Thompson, Capital Markets Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/95c80784-5b84-11e4-b68a-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Wall St. little changed as Microsoft offsets AmazonWall Street rises for 7th week, but ends off its highs
Reasons to be thankful
US economy keeps looking better despite a surprise drop in consumers confidence
US economy keeps looking better despite a surprise drop in consumers confidence
By Ryan Vlastelica, Reuters
8
Bank stocks and other sectors tied to the pace of growth led on the day, though continued weakness in crude oil weighed on energy shares. While major indexes ended off their highs of the session, both the Dow and S&P closed at records.
The state and city pensions would be solvent now if the state and city had put in there share and this sustained rise in the market.
ch47fixer
125
Payrolls rose by 321,000 in November, way above the 230,000 estimated, while the unemployment rate held steady at 5.8 percent, a six-year low.
The report blew past forecasts, but also raised expectations that a rate hike from the Federal Reserve may materialize sooner than previously thought.
Ronald Sanchez, chief investment officer of Fiduciary Trust Company International in New York, said the number was "unambiguously strong," though it "could mean some changes to policy recommendations with the Fed. June 2015 is back on the table for when rates could rise."
Financials <.SPSY> rose 1 percent as higher interest rates would prop up earnings in the sector. Bank of America  rose 2.7 percent to $17.68 while Goldman Sachs  was up 1.8 percent to $195.45, boosting the Dow.
Utilities <.SPLRCU>, a dividend play, fell 0.8 percent as Treasuries yields rose. Energy <.SPNY> fell 1.2 percent alongside a 1.7 percent drop in crude  prices. Most sectors ended well off their highs of the session.
"The day's market action has to be seen in the context of the recovery we've had year-to-date. Payrolls confirm the strength of the economy, but that strength is reflected in stock prices," said Sanchez, who helps oversee $16 billion in assets.
Separate data showed new orders for U.S. factory goods fell for a third straight month in October, pointing to a slowdown in manufacturing activity.
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> rose 58.69 points, or 0.33 percent, to 17,958.79, the S&P 500 <.SPX> gained 3.45 points, or 0.17 percent, to 2,075.37 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> added 11.32 points, or 0.24 percent, to 4,780.76.
For the week, the Dow rose 0.7 percent and the S&P rose 0.4 percent. It was the seventh straight weekly gain, a streak not seen in a year for both. The Nasdaq fell 0.2 percent on the week.
American Eagle Outfitters  fell 13.8 percent to $11.91 after the teen apparel retailer forecast a current-quarter profit below analysts' estimates and reported its fifth straight drop in quarterly income.
About 5.81 billion shares traded on all U.S. platforms, according to BATS exchange data.
NYSE advancers outnumbered decliners 1,614 to 1,480, for a 1.09-to-1 ratio; on the Nasdaq, 1,809 issues rose and 927 fell, for a 1.95-to-1 ratio favoring advancers.
The S&P 500 posted 98 new 52-week highs and 10 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 168 new highs and 93 new lows.
(Editing by Nick Zieminski)

Kim praises New Yorks Ebola responseUS governors order Ebola quarantine
David Crow in New York and Robin Harding in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c26f24c6-5b88-11e4-a674-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Government Aims at 50th Position in Ease of Doing Business Ranking: ReportIron Ore Imports Surge as Prices Fall
New Delhi: The government is aiming to improve India's ranking in the ease of doing business index to 50th position in the next two years from 134th at present.
The Commerce and Industry Ministry has already taken several measures and has proposed series of steps, including drastically reducing the time for registration of business to one day, single registration of all labour laws and cut in number of taxes to improve ease of doing business in India.
(Also read: Government eyes steps to improve business climate )
"Aim is to improve the ranking to 50th position in two years from 134th at present. Different government departments have already started consultation and deliberations on steps to improve India's ranking," sources said.
They also said that meetings would continue to remove all the barriers and simplify the cumbersome procedures related to approvals and clearance mechanism for business activities.
According to a World Bank report, India has slipped by 3 positions to the 134th spot in the latest 'ease of doing business' list, which is topped by Singapore.
The Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion (DIPP) has identified sectors and specific reforms that are urgently required to substantially improve India's ranking in ease of doing business. It has listed as many as 46 action points for different central government ministries and state governments for improving the business climate.
For the Corporate Affairs Ministry, it has suggested that the time taken in registration of business from existing 27 days be reduced to only one day as in Canada and New Zealand.
It has also called for doing away with the requirement of company seal and removal of minimum paid up capital for starting a business.
It has suggested introduction of Bankruptcy Law, Unified Insolvency Code, speedy constitution of benches under National Company Law Tribunal and fixing of a definite and predictable timeframe for rehabilitation and liquidation process.
Similarly, it has recommended reduction in number of taxes and permitting online payment of taxes, simplification of complex tax processes, expeditng implementation of Direct Tax Code, Goods and Services Tax, besides abolition of minimum alternate tax for Special Economic Zone (SEZ) developers and units.
Further, it has called for a uniform policy and procedure for all states for a single window clearance along with combined application form and single registration for VAT and other state taxes.
DIPP has also proposed timelines to implement these initiatives, aimed at attracting investments as part of the Prime Minister Narendra Modi's 'Make in India' campaign.
During the last three years, India received an average of $30 billion annual foreign direct investment (FDI).
India needs huge investments to give a boost to its manufacturing sector and to create millions of jobs.
Story first published on: October 25, 2014 18:44 (IST)

Ebola quarantine rules weighed as N.Y. sees 1st caseBy Mark Berman and Juliet Eilperin October 24 Follow @markberman Follow @eilperin
Police set up a barrier in front of The Gutter bowling alley in Brooklyn, New York, after a person later diagnosed with Ebola visited. (Jewel Samad/AFP Getty Images)
The federal government is considering altering the protocols for doctors and health-care workers who return to the United States from West Africa, authorities said Friday.
“It’s one of the questions the federal government is thinking through,” New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo (D) told Fox 5 in New York .
A federal official said that the idea of quarantining medical workers who participated in the Ebola response in West Africa was being considered, but said no decision had been made.
While the idea of a quarantine is being considered, Josh Earnest, the White House press secretary, emphasized that officials are still determining whether it is medically justified.
“These kinds of policy decisions are going to be driven by science,” he said.
A New York City Police officer stands at the entrance to Bellevue Hospital. (Bryan Thomas/Getty Images)
The possible change would come in the wake of Thursday’s diagnosis of Craig Spencer , a doctor who had treated Ebola patients in Guinea, one of the countries at the heart of the Ebola epidemic.
Spencer, 33, returned to the United States last week and began feeling ill on Tuesday. He was taken to Bellevue Hospital on Thursday after reporting a fever of 100.3 degrees that morning and gastrointestinal problems.
But as federal officials consider a possible change, authorities in the New York area announced that they would take more immediate action. Medical personnel returning to New York and New Jersey from the Ebola-riddled countries in West Africa will be automatically quarantined if they had direct contact with an infected person, officials announced Friday.
New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo (D) and New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie (R) announced the decision at a joint news conference Friday at 7 World Trade Center.
“The steps New York and New Jersey are taking today will strengthen our safeguards to protect our residents against this disease and help ensure those that may be infected by Ebola are treated with the highest precautions,” Cuomo said in a statement.
They said that public-health officials at John F. Kennedy and Newark Liberty international airports, where enhanced screening for Ebola is taking place, would make the determination on who would be quarantined. Anyone who had direct contact with an Ebola patient in Liberia, Sierra Leone or Guinea will be quarantined.
A medical worker in New Jersey quarantined following her arrival at an airport after treating Ebola victims in West Africa has tested negative for the virus. However, she will continue to be under a mandatory 21-day quarantine under the new policy. (Reuters)
In addition, anyone who traveled there but had no such contact would be actively monitored and possibly quarantined, authorities said.
Laurie Garrett, a senior fellow for global health at the Council on Foreign Relations, said in an interview that while it made sense for returning medical workers to take voluntary steps to isolate themselves upon their return to the United States, concern over Ebola’s transmission in the West had begun to interfere with volunteers’ ability to contain the outbreak at the source.
“For everybody that’s professionally trying to go to the three epidemic countries, the situation has become more difficult with each passing day and each Ebola case — or alleged Ebola case — named in the United States,” Garrett said. “We’re in a crisis actually that imperils the entire effort to stop the epidemic that is completely about the fear of countries that have no known epidemic.”
Not only have many airlines curtailed flights to the three countries most affected by Ebola, Garrett noted, but nearly every major insurance carrier has now canceled medevac coverage for individuals choosing to travel there.
“This whole right of return issue, and circumstances of return, is fluid,” she said. “We’ve hit the point where it is quite obviously affecting the recruitment of volunteer health workers.”
Experts say that the region needs roughly 19,000 health and logistics personnel to contain the epidemic; outside of military personnel, total foreign volunteers now number in the hundreds.
Still, Garrett added, any people traveling to a nation affected by Ebola should undertake efforts to isolate and monitor themselves for any symptoms of the disease for 21 days after returning to their home country.
“At this point it’s incumbent on anyone going over there to build into your plans the assumption that you will have to radically modify how you live and work upon your return for three weeks,” she said.
Spencer had gone to Guinea to work with Doctors Without Borders, the international relief group that has been on the front lines of the public health crisis.
On Friday, the group said Spencer had followed its protocols for people returning from Ebola work, which included regular health monitoring.
A CDC medical officer demonstrates the correct procedure for health-care workers to put on protective equipment. He is using the protocol recommended by Doctors Without Borders to prevent being infected with Ebola. (Jorge Ribas/The Washington Post)
“Extremely strict procedures are in place for staff dispatched to Ebola affected countries before, during, and after their assignments,” Sophie Delaunay, the group’s executive director, said in a statement. “Despite the strict protocols, risk cannot be completely eliminated. However, close post-assignment monitoring allows for early detection of cases and for swift isolation and medical management.”
The precise nature of Spencer’s infection is being investigated, the group said. So far, two dozen people working for the organization have fallen ill while fighting Ebola, and 13 of them have died.
Tim Shenk, a spokesman for Doctors Without Borders, said Friday afternoon that quarantining all medical workers who return from West Africa “would be an excessive measure to take at this stage.”
“As long as a patient hasn’t developed symptoms, the risk of contamination is close to zero,” he said.
Spencer became just the fourth person diagnosed with Ebola in the United States and the first outside Texas, which has previously been the nexus of Ebola infections in the country. Thomas Duncan, a Liberian man who flew to Dallas, was diagnosed last month and died eight days later. Two nurses who treated Duncan were infected while caring for him. No one who had close contact with Duncan or the nurses has tested positive for Ebola so far.
The two nurses who contracted Ebola in Dallas were both declared virus-free this week. One was cleared on Wednesday , while Nina Pham, the other nurse,  left the National Institutes of Health on Friday morning after doctors determined she no longer had the virus.
President Obama on Friday wanted to meet with Pham “to thank her for her service,” Josh Earnest said at his daily White House briefing.
When White House officials found out early Friday that Pham would be released, Earnest said, they contacted the NIH “to let her know that the president was interested in meeting her if she felt up to it.”
The day after a doctor in New York City was diagnosed with Ebola, White House press secretary Josh Earnest said President Obama would have "no qualms about riding the subway...or taking a stroll on the High Line." (AP)
Pham did not undergo any additional medical testing before greeting—and hugging—the president, Earnest said, noting that she had been shown to be free of the virus on five separate occasions before being released.
Earnest also provided new details Friday about the coordination between federal and New York state officials after Spencer fell ill Thursday. President Obama ordered the Pentagon to provide an aircraft to transport a team of experts from the Centers for Disease Control in Atlanta to New York City’s Bellevue Hospital so they could get there “as soon as possible,” he said.
The team, which helped supervise the protocols for treating Spencer, arrived “within a couple of hours” of his arrival, Earnest added.
“We certainly are pleased that so much of the planning that’s been done in recent days has proved to be useful,” Earnest said of how Bellevue’s handled Spencer’s admission.
While federal officials are discussing the idea of quarantining medical professionals upon their return to the United States, Earnest emphasized that officials are still determining whether it is medically justified.
“These kinds of policy decisions are going to be driven by science,” he said.
The administration is focused on protecting the American public, Earnest said. “But at the same time we don’t have to overly burden those individuals who are going to great lengths to stop this outbreak at the source,” he added.
Earnest also emphasized that these aid workers are aware of the public health concerns stemming from their service.
“Individuals who have spent time in West Africa certainly understand the seriousness of this disease,” he said, adding at one point of the precautions Spencer took upon his return to New York, “He is a highly trained medical professional [and] certainly had the capacity to take his own temperature.”
White House officials continued to emphasize the low probability of an Ebola outbreak in the U.S. Earnest said Obama would “have no qualms” about riding the New York subway, visiting the High Line or visiting a Brooklyn bowling alley even in the aftermath of Spencer’s diagnosis.
“The fact is, the risk facing the average New Yorker is exceedingly low,” he said.
New York City Environmental Police arrive at Craig Spencer’s apartment building. (Bryan Thomas/Getty Images)
Spencer works at New York-Presbyterian/Columbia University Medical Center. On Thursday, the hospital called him “a dedicated humanitarian” who “always puts his patients first.” The hospital said in a statement that he had not been to work and had not seen patients since returning from overseas.
On Tuesday, two days before he was hospitalized and diagnosed, Spencer went to a bowling alley in Williamsburg, rode three New York subway lines and used an Uber car. The bowling alley had closed after Spencer’s diagnosis, while Uber said that health officials had told them the car’s driver and any subsequent passengers were not at risk.
Spencer was is in stable condition Friday , authorities said, and he is talking to public-health workers as they try to trace his steps in recent days. Even as “disease detectives” work to determine who Spencer may have encountered and check the coffee shops and restaurants he visited, officials stressed that they felt they had the situation contained and urged calm among residents.
New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio says a team of disease detectives tracking the movements of a doctor diagnosed with Ebola will soon detail their findings. (AP)
“New Yorkers who had not been exposed to an infected person’s bodily fluids are simply not at risk,” New York Mayor Bill de Blasio said during a briefing Friday afternoon. “There is no reason for New Yorkers to change their daily routine in any way.”
Spencer “poses no threat to others,” de Blasio said.
The ongoing treatment for Spencer at Bellevue Hospital involves giving him fluid and electrolytes and monitoring his vital signs, said Ram Raju, head of the city’s Health and Hospitals Corporation. Spencer remains in good enough shape to talk on the phone and tell the disease detectives from the health department about his steps so far this week.
Cuomo on Thursday had said that Spencer was a medical professional who had seen Ebola up close, adding that the doctor had been monitoring himself and immediately recognized the symptoms.
“He was familiar with the possibility and the circumstances, so he handled himself accordingly,” Cuomo said.
New York officials repeatedly emphasized on Thursday and Friday that they were prepared for Ebola’s arrival, having trained while also preparing Bellevue and other hospitals for handling patients with the virus.
The office of New York Mayor Bill de Blasio (D) posted images of him riding the subway on Friday morning in an attempt to show residents that they had nothing to fear from public transportation:
Scenes from Mayor @BilldeBlasio ‘s morning commute on the subway. pic.twitter.com/dHxGjfEwAm
— NYC Mayor’s Office (@NYCMayorsOffice) October 24, 2014
Rep. Darrell Issa, a California Republican who chairs the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee, urged the Obama administration on Friday to take steps to improve what he characterized as a “bumbling” response to the Ebola crisis.
“I think we all know that the system is not yet refined to where we could say it is working properly,” he said during a hearing on the U.S. government’s response to the disease.
Issa and other members of Congress questioned the measures taken by the administration to prepare for a possible pandemic before Ebola appeared in U.S. hospitals, as well as what officials have done since then to ensure the disease doesn’t spread.
Nicole Laurie, a senior official at the Department of Health and Human Services, said Friday that the risk of a significant Ebola outbreak in the United States was “remote.”
But health-care workers who will be the first to respond to Ebola cases in the United States were worried, particularly after two nurses contracted the disease through an exposure that has still not been explained.
Deborah Burger, co-president of National Nurses United, said these workers remain at risk. She said nurses have received inconsistent instructions, were often left to make decisions about proper precautions for themselves, and at times were forced to improvise their own protective gear because their medical facilities were unprepared. She said only new, legally required guidelines would ensure that medical facilities would provide workers the protection they need.
“The response to Ebola from U.S. hospitals and governmental agencies has been dangerously inconsistent and inadequate,” she said. “The lack of mandates and shifting guidelines from agencies and reliance on voluntary compliance has left caregivers uncertain, severely unprepared and vulnerable to infection.”
Ed O’Keefe, Lena Sun and Missy Ryan contributed to this report.
[This post has been updated. First posted: 10:54 a.m.]
Mark Berman is a reporter on the National staff. He runs Post Nation, a destination for breaking news and developing stories from around the country.
Juliet Eilperin is a White House correspondent for The Washington Post, covering domestic and foreign policy as well as the culture of 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue. She is the author of two books—one on sharks, and another on Congress, not to be confused with each other—and has worked for the Post since 1998.

Creador gets 75% IRR in dollar terms on exiting Repco Home FinCreador gets 75% IRR in dollar terms on exiting Repco Home Fin
T E Narasimhan | Chennai Oct 24, 2014 08:49 PM IST
Private equity firm Creador has sold a majority of its stake in the housing finance firm Repco Home Finance for a total sale value of Rs 146 crore. The PE firm realised an IRR (internal rate of return) of about 75 per cent in US Dollar terms on the sale.
Creador Advisors India Private Limited Senior Managing Director Anand Narayan said that the fund realised an IRR of about 75 per cent in USD terms on the sale of five per cent stake.
The fund, which focussed on long-term investments in growth-oriented businesses in Indonesia, Malaysia, Singapore and India, has had one exit previously, from Old Town White Coffee where it realised a 70 per cent IRR last year.
Creador originally picked up a 9.9 per cent stake in Repco Home Finance Limited (RHFL) in 2013 for about $13.7 million (around Rs 73 crore during that time), but subsequently the stake fell to 7.46 per cent after the company's IPO. In the present transaction it sold around 5 per cent, leaving the balance to 2.46 per cent.
“Creador achieved the target returns with this investment and thought it was prudent to return some capital to our investors. We continue to believe that Repco Homes is a high quality business that has a great track record and it will continue to perform well,” said Narayanan, adding that Creador has an excellent relationship with the management and operating team at Repco.
Creador's investment in Repco was the fifth investment and the second transaction in India after its investment in Murugappa Group firm Cholamandalam Investment and Finance Co Ltd.
Earlier, in July this year, private equity firm Carlyle sold its entire stake in RHFL for Rs 471.5 crore. This was as against an investment of around $28 million in 2007. According to an announcement of the investment firm in January, 2008, the Carlyle Group invested $27.7 million in RHFL which was used to improve Repco's equity base, thereby allowing it to expand its loan portfolio. Carlyle had about 49 per cent stake at one point of time which was later diluted to bring in WCP Holding III, a fund from Wolfensohn Capital Partners into the company.
Wolfensohn Capital Partners (WCP) has bought around 13 per cent in the company from private equity player Carlyle during the first half of 2013. WCP, which is an investment fund of James Wolfensohn, former president of World Bank, later sold its shares in Repco Home Finance, according to sources.
On the sector's outlook, Narayan said, during a two-three year horizon the stock prices of smaller housing finance companies like Gruh and DHFL have appreciated over 100 per cent. Going forward, there are huge growth drivers for housing -- smart city developments, accelerating urbanisation, low house ownership, low penetration of housing finance. He expects this sector to grow 15-20 per cent every year.
He added, Repco is a high quality company with robust business process. Its disbursement growth in 2013-14 has been over 46 per cent, net interest margin or NIM growth was 52 per cent, operating expenses as percentage of net revenue was below 18 per cent and RoA was 2.6. These ratios are among the best in the industry.

Aditya Birla Group announces JV with African firmAditya Birla Group announces JV with African firm
Equitas gets approval for FDI investment of Rs 325 crEquitas gets approval for FDI investment of Rs 325 cr
BS Reporter | Chennai Oct 24, 2014 08:48 PM IST
Equitas Holdings Pvt Ltd, a diversified Non-Banking Finance Company with operations in microfinance, has received approval from the central government to bring in Foreign Direct Investment (FDI) of Rs 325 crore.
The approval has been sought by Equitas Holdings Pvt Ltd for downstream investment in its wholly-owned subsidiaries by its existing and new foreign shareholders. With the infusion of Rs 325 crore, the foreign equity in the company would increase from 91.30 per cent to 93.12 per cent.
It may be noted that the company had raised funds from foreign investors earlier this year and also during the past few years. According to information available, the company had raised Rs 79.93 crore in May, 2014.
It has also raised around Rs 230 crore through a similar approval in 2012 and Rs 222.8 crore during 2013, according to reports.
The investment firm has raised its sixth round of institutional capital of Rs 198 crore from the UK government's Development Finance Institution, Netherland's development finance company FMO and the company's promoters, in December, last year.
The company operates in microfinance, micro small and medium enterprises, and housing finance sectors.
According to a company record in September, 2014, it has reached a loan outstanding at the group level of Rs 3,260 crore during the half year end. The prolonged financial stress in the economy has a direct impact on the commercial vehicle finance market.
“We have, however, managed to hold the NPAs at the same level from April 2014 through to September 2014,” says the company.

HAL lays foundation stone for composites MRO hangerHAL lays foundation stone for composites MRO hanger
BS Reporter | Bangalore Oct 24, 2014 08:47 PM IST
With composites and light materials having become increasingly common in aircraft of all kinds today, Hindustan Aeronautics Limited (HAL) has taken the initial steps to set up a composites MRO (maintenance, repairs and overhaul) hanger. Secretary, Defence-Production, G Mohan Kumar laid the foundation stone for the MRO hangar.
The carbon-fibre and other light materials are increasingly being used in the latest products manufactured by Hindustan Aeronautics Limited such as helicopters (example: the Advanced Light Helicopter & Light Utility Helicopter) and fixed wing aircraft (example: Light Combat Aircraft Tejas).
Meanwhile, Mohan Kumar reviewed various projects of Hindustan Aeronautics Limited during a presentation made by HAL’s top management at its corporate office here today.
During his interaction with the top management, Mohan Kumar asked HAL to draw and work upon futuristic plans based on the company’s strengths. “Priority should not be just on taking up all kinds of businesses related to aerospace, but to work on workable modules in a time-bound manner. The focus needs to be on the products that the company can deliver with ease, cost reduction, establishing of the highest quality standards and business practices that match the best global parameters,” he told HAL senior executaives. He suggested that the HAL develop products that have unique value, also look to develop aero-engines and give a thrust to outsourcing.
R K Tyagi, Chairman, HAL, directors and senior executives were present during the visit and briefed Secretary Defence Production on the various the on-going activities at the various HAL hangars.

Shiv Sena MPs to attend PM s high tea  Uddhav not goingComments
Political circles are agog with speculation that PM Narendra Modi and Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray may meet when the former visits Mumbai on Saturday for the inauguration of a private hospital or at New Delhi on Sunday when the PM is hosting a dinner for NDA allies.
However, a Sena leader told PTI that Uddhav will not be attending the dinner on Sunday.
“The event that the PM is hosting is only for the MPs of NDA partners. When Uddhavji is not an MP, where is the question of him being invited? This is not even a question worth asking,” a senior Sena leader told PTI on the condition of anonymity.
 
Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray is greeted at a meeting with newly elected party MLAs at Sena Bhavan in Mumbai. (PTI Photo)
Observers are hoping for a breakthrough on government formation as Sena representatives are expected to officially meet senior BJP leader Rajnath Singh along with state representative JP Nadda in Mumbai.
For now, the Sena is placing its hopes for a fair deal on the talks initiated on Tuesday between senior Sena leaders Anil Desai and Subhash Desai with Union minister Dharmendra Pradhan and BJP MLC Chandrakant Patil.
After bagging 63 seats, a reluctant Sena offered the BJP its support to form the government.
“We have been talking on the lines of getting one-third of the ministries and even the position of the deputy chief minister,” a senior Sena leader said.
For now it looks that the BJP is not too keen to have a big cabinet and would also like to keep plum portfolios like home, finance, urban development, revenue and PWD with them.
This might create a problem in the berth sharing talks between the two.

Accused from Bangladeshi terror group; sent to judicial custodyBurdwan bombs meant for Bangladesh, says NIA
PTI  New Delhi/Kolkata, October 24, 2014
First Published: 22:17 IST(24/10/2014) | Last Updated: 23:11 IST(24/10/2014)
Comments
The National Investigation Agency (NIA) on Friday said the accused persons arrested in the Burdwan blast case and their associates were members of terror group Jamaat-ul-Mujahideen, Bangladesh, who were preparing IEDs for transporting them to that country for possible terror attacks.
In a statement issued Friday night, NIA said it had completed initial phase of probe in the case pertaining to bomb blast in a house at Khagragarh village in Burdawan district of West Bengal which indicates the involvement of JMB cadre. Two persons--Shakil Ahmed and Suvon Mandal alias Subhan --both allegedly residents of Bangladesh, were killed while manufacturing IEDs.
One person Abdul Hakim alias Hassan was injured and arrested besides three others including two women. "Investigation so far has revealed that the accused persons and their associates were the members of Jamaat-ul-Mujahideen, Bangladesh (JMB), a terrorist organisation proscribed in Bangladesh and they were preparing IEDs which were being transported to Bangladesh," NIA said in the statement.
The agency said it is focussing on the activities of JMB covering all aspects including the funding of terror activities. NIA said it is also considering announcement of cash rewards for any information leading to the arrest of the absconding accused of this case who include JMB members from Bangladesh.
NIA chief Sharad Kumar today visited Burdwan and inspected the scene of the incident and also took stock of the field investigation being conducted by the agency. He visited the house where the blast took place, examined the rooms and went up to the terrace of the building.
After spending about 30 minutes there, he went to visit another house at nearby Mathpara on Badsahi Road in Burdwan where 40 improvised hand grenades were found.
The NIA Director-General also visited the house which one of the suspected dead terrorists Shakil had rented in Beldanga in Murshidabad. He also went to 'Burqa Ghar', apparently a burqa making unit run by Ahmed but suspected to have been used by him as a place to meet other accused persons. Kumar discussed with NIA officers the strategy to locate and apprehend the absconding accused with the officers of the investigating team, after which he said strategies have been worked out to arrest the absconding accused persons. The visit of the NIA DG to Burdwan town came two weeks after the agency took over investigations into the blast at Khagragarh on October 2.
"I have come to Kolkata to review the investigation into the case. I visited Burdwan and Murshidabad. I had a detailed discussion with my officers. We have evolved strategies regarding arrests of absconding accused persons. I can't reveal anything because it will affect the investigation," Kumar told reporters on his return to Kolkata after visiting Burdwan and Murshidabad.
NIA investigators during a search operation jointly with the Burdwan district police found Improvised Explosive Devices from this house belonging to Rezaul Karim. Three persons, including two women - one of them the widow of a suspected terrorist who died in the blast - were arrested and interrogated by the NIA. The NIA chief later left for Beldanga in Murshidabad district and visited the house which one of the suspected dead terrorists Shakil had rented. He also visited 'Burqa Ghar', apparently a burqa making unit run by Ahmed but suspected to have been used by him as a place to meet other accused persons. The NIA team during its investigation over the last few days seized a large number of books and documents, 12 trunks and a car from a madrasa in Burdwan district where the Khagragarh blast accused were suspected to have been radicalised in Jihadi ideology.
NIA officers had a few days back with the help of the NSG team detonated the improvised hand grenades, which they had found during investigations.

WHO is sending expert team to Mali after first Ebola diagnosis in the West African countryBy Abby Ohlheiser October 24 Follow @abbyohlheiser
In Anniston, Ala., the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention is training health providers who will be going to West Africa to fight the Ebola outbreak. (Jorge Ribas/The Washington Post)
The World Health Organization is preparing to send a team of experts to Mali after the country announced that it had its first Ebola case, a WHO spokesperson said Friday.
Mali's health minister said Thursday night that a 2-year-old girl who recently traveled from Guinea with her grandmother was admitted to a hospital in Kayes this week and tested positive for Ebola.
On Friday, WHO spokesperson Fadéla Chaib told The Post in an e-mail that four experts would travel to Mali as soon as possible to provide help with clinical management, epidemiology, contact tracing and social mobilization. "These functions need to be deployed within the next 24 hours," Chaib said.
The group will join a team of three WHO workers already in Mali, where they have been working on outbreak preparedness in the country since Oct. 19.
According to the WHO's statement on the case, the toddler's symptoms included a 102.2-degree fever, a nose bleed, bloody stools and a cough.
Chaib said the child first saw a health-care worker in Kayes, in the western region of Mali, on Monday. The next day, she was moved to the Fousseyni Daou Hospital and admitted to the pediatric ward.
Officials took samples from the patient on Wednesday, which were analyzed at the Bamako University Lab on Thursday. (An earlier statement from Malian officials said that the patient was admitted to a hospital on Wednesday.)
The WHO said that 43 contacts of the child have been isolated, including 10 health-care workers in Kayes. Local authorities are in the process of contact tracing and training personnel at the isolation site treating the child, the organization added.
In a second statement Friday, the WHO said that, based on an initial investigation, officials believe the grandmother traveled to a funeral in southern Guinea. The grandmother then returned to Mali on Oct. 19 with the child. The pair used public transportation.
"The case history revealed that bleeding from the nose began while both were still in Guinea, meaning that the child was symptomatic during their travels through Mali," the statement said. "Multiple opportunities for exposure occurred when the child was visibly symptomatic."
WHO officials are "seeking confirmation of media reports that the funeral was for the child’s mother, who is said to have shown Ebola-like symptoms before her death."
The number of people being monitored for symptoms of Ebola in the U.S. is growing. Here's how the virus spreads and how contact tracing works to stop outbreaks. (Gillian Brockell/The Washington Post)
Mali is now the sixth West African country to record an Ebola case during the deadliest outbreak in history . The epidemic, whose death toll is rapidly approaching 5,000, has been centered in Guinea, Sierra Leone and Liberia; Nigeria and Senegal have also recorded cases.
Just hours before Malian health officials announced the diagnosis, WHO assistant director general Keiji Fukuda said to reporters that the organization had "reasonable confidence right now that we are not seeing widespread transmission of Ebola into the neighboring countries," including Mali, Guinea Bissau and the Ivory Coast.
However, WHO hadn't ruled out the possibility of an Ebola case in Mali, as it was one of 15 countries identified as a "priority" by the WHO as the outbreak spread -- due in part to its proximity to the most severely affected regions. That's why, Chaib said, there was already a small WHO team in Mali before the first case was identified.
A sign at the Mali-Guinea border, in Kouremale. (Joe Penney/Reuters)
The Kayes region of Mali, where the first case was diagnosed, borders Guinea, one of three countries hardest hit by the Ebola epidemic. Guinea alone has recorded 904 Ebola deaths and 1,540 total cases of the disease, according to the latest figures available from the WHO .
In all, there are 4,877 confirmed deaths and 9,936 confirmed, probable and suspected cases of Ebola in seven countries: Guinea, Liberia, Sierra Leone, Spain, the United States, Nigeria and Senegal.
Two of those countries are now considered Ebola-free: Nigeria and Senegal. Senegal, which also neighbors Mali, had a single case of Ebola, also imported from Guinea.
Also on Friday, the WHO announced that "several hundred thousand" doses of an experimental Ebola vaccine will be available by the first half of 2015.
[This post has been updated.]
Abby Ohlheiser is a general assignment reporter for The Washington Post.

Private equity firms eye Portugal TelecomPrivate equity firms size up offers for Portugal Telecom
Arash Massoudi, Daniel Thomas and Anne-Sylvaine Chassany
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1f382d24-5b84-11e4-a674-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Brazil opinion poll shows unexpected Dilma bounceSign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

Ask Chuck Todd Your Questions About Midterm Politicsask chuck todd your questions about midterm politics
Global story of the consumerglobal story of the consumer
Villagers ransack Karna checkpostsVillagers ransack Karna checkposts
Deutsche Bank to take almost 1bn legal chargeAny questions? Ask Customer Services
Please contact ftsales.support@ft.com for discounted group licences
Fast FT is only available to FT.com subscribers and registered users
Register or subscribe to get the news that moves markets as it happens around the world, 24 hours a day, on your computer, mobile and tablet.

Arvind Subramanian seen to be a reformist at heartNew Delhi, October 18, 2014
Updated: October 18, 2014 05:22 IST
Arvind Subramanian seen to be a reformist at heart
Varghese K George
PTI In this October 16, 2014 photo, Arvind Subramanian speaks to the media after taking charge as Chief Economic Adviser at North Block.
VIDEO
economy (general)
His approach is in sync with the Centre’s intentions of liberalisation, transparent regulation
Chief Economic Adviser Arvind Subramanian’s free-market convictions dominate his academic work and do not conform to the nationalist and protectionist streak among the leadership of the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS), the ideological mentor of the ruling Bharatiya Janata Party. But his academic views are unlikely to dictate his policy prescriptions, top government sources told The Hindu.
“Academic studies guide policy formulations, but policies are not dictated by it. The final policy decisions will always be made by the political executive with inputs and advice from the CEA,” one source said.
The senior government functionary explained that Dr. Subramanian’s appointment indicated a trend of internationally acclaimed experts of Indian origin offering to work in India. “Dr. Subramanian’s track record is extraordinary,” he pointed out. Raghuram Rajan, former CEA and now Reserve Bank Governor, also left his position of Chief Economist at the International Monetary Fund to work in the Indian government. Both were colleagues at the IMF.
Dr. Subramanian is a reformist at heart and stands for open, liberal but transparently regulated markets, economist Rajiv Kumar told The Hindu. He will bring to the job emphasis on de-bottlenecking of the supply side and since he favours free trade he will most likely push for increasing India’s exports and for the domestic sector to be less clogged with regulation.
Though few CEAs have traditionally majorly influenced policy-making, Dr. Subramanian has the advantage of being more than a pure academician having worked in the IMF and World Bank systems due to which “he is likely to be a more successful CEA in the midst of the government system and not at the margins of it, marginalised by the bureaucracy,” said Dr. Kumar. Though how much this influence will be will depend on his rapport with the Finance Minister and the Prime Minister. Dr. Subramanian’s approach is thus in sync with the core of the Modi government’s stated intentions of liberalisation and transparent regulation.
CEAs typically define their roles within the government framework which is constrained among other imperatives by political compulsions and Dr. Subramanian is not likely to be different.
He has shown pragmatism in his critiques of the Modi government’s decisions. For instance, he wrote about the delay in implementing the increase in natural gas prices that is likely to benefit private contractors such as Reliance in the KG Basin: “An increase in natural gas prices is essential. But controversy on the pricing formula, as well as the Kejriwal critique of cronyism to which this government is sensitive, probably justifies additional reflection and time before action is implemented.”
Budgetary accounting
Certain other decisions he rejected completely. For instance, he wrote that the Modi government’s maiden budget should have come clean on budgetary accounting, even if this meant accepting the higher deficit number rather than retaining the UPA government’s fiscal arithmetic that included artificially reduced or deferred expenditures by up to 0.3 per cent of the Gross Domestic Product. Some of the budget numbers he found ‘implausible.’
“Tax revenues are projected to grow by nearly 20 per cent. That defies credibility given that nominal GDP growth is unlikely to exceed 13 to 14 per cent (9 percent for inflation plus 5 per cent for real GDP growth),” he wrote, cautioning that transparency and credible numbers evoke confidence and unreliable numbers will eventually elicit cynicism and since good governance was supposed to distinguish this government from its predecessor the budget should at least have started reducing the aggregate fiscal deficit by 0.3 to 0.5 percentage points.
Similarly, he differed with the Modi government’s refusal to ratify the World Trade Organization’s proposed Trade Facilitation Agreement (TFA) unless it makes ‘satisfactory’ progress on the food security proposal crucial to protecting India’s minimum support prices for its farmers.
“… supporting agriculture is valid, but no, the tactic at the WTO negotiations may be less so ... Food subsidies and even income support to poor farmers should gradually be replaced by cash transfers but since this takes ages, India should try to change WTO obligations itself,” he wrote, adding that India should withdraw its opposition to the TFA, reformulate its position on agriculture, proceed to persuade its partners of the merits and fairness of its new position, and revisit this issue at the WTO in the near future.
Dr. Subramanian had also warned that if the Bali deal collapses, the blow to an already weak WTO would be significant and India would bear much of the blame. Since it didn’t pay heed to this advice, the government has landed the WTO deal in the situation he had cautioned against.
He highlighted the problems in hiking sugar subsidies and import duties on sugar. “Aimed at appeasing the sugar lobby in Maharashtra but also in Uttar Pradesh, this measure is problematic… Apart from its many problems, it leads to water-intensive and water-wasting resource allocation, which is bad for the medium term given India’s plunging water tables. If the aim was to help sugar farmers being paid their dues, this was a very inefficient way of doing so.”

Facebook launches  Rooms  to anonymously share common interestsFacebook launches 'Rooms' to anonymously share common interests
Facebook launches anonymous community app called 'Rooms'
Description: Facebook's much-anticipated anonymous social app is finally here, and it's called "Rooms." The app allows people to create a "room" on any topic.
Description: Facebook's much-anticipated anonymous social app is finally here, and it's called "Rooms." The app allows people to create a "room" on any topic.
By Jessica Guynn, USA TODAY
Today Facebook unveiled its new iOS app called "Rooms." This app, which many speculated would allow for more anonymity than Facebook users are used to, centers around user-created rooms focusing on single topics and interests. All a person needs to set up a "room," filled by a feed of photos, videos and text, is a verifiable email address. 
Jussica Guynn from USA TODAY has the full report.

Rajaratnams brother barred for 5 years in SEC dealUpdated: October 24, 2014 03:57 IST
Rajaratnam’s brother barred for 5 years in SEC deal
AP
Reuters Rengan Rajaratnam, (L) the younger brother of imprisoned hedge fund manager Raj Rajaratnam, departs Manhattan Federal Court with his lawyer Vinoo Varghese.
TOPICS
corporate crime
The brother of a jailed former hedge fund boss will be barred for at least five years from the securities industry and pay about $841,000 to settle a civil insider trading case against him.
The Securities and Exchange Commission announced the settlement on Thursday with Rengan Rajaratnam. He was acquitted in July in a criminal trial of conspiring with his brother, one-time billionaire hedge fund boss Raj Rajaratnam, to cheat on Wall Street. The SEC filed related civil charges against Rengan Rajaratnam in March 2013.
Raj Rajaratnam is serving an 11-year sentence in one of the biggest insider trading cases mounted by federal prosecutors. The government said he earned up to $75 million illegally by trading on secrets provided by corrupt employees of public companies.

Forex - EUR/USD edges higher on upbeat Gfk reportOct 24, 2014, 12.07 PM IST  | Source: Investing.com
Forex - EUR/USD edges higher on upbeat Gfk report
Forex - EUR/USD edges higher on upbeat Gfk report
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Forex - EUR/USD edges higher on upbeat Gfk report
Forex - EUR/USD edges higher on upbeat Gfk report
Post your opinion here
 
Investing.com - Investing.com - The euro edged higher against the U.S. dollar on Friday, helped by the release of upbeat German consumer climate data, although Thursday's U.S. jobless claims report continued to support demand for the greenback.
EUR/USD hit 1.2665 during late Asian trade, the session high; the pair subsequently consolidated at 1.2660, adding 0.11%.
The pair was likely to find support at 1.2582, the low of October 7 and resistance at 1.2740, the high of October 22.
Sentiment on the euro improved after data showed that the Gfk German consumer climate index rose to 8.5 in October from 8.4 in September, whose figure was revised up from a previously estimated reading of 8.3.
Analysts had expected the index to fall to 8.0 this month.
The single currency had also found support on Thursday after data showed that the euro zone saw a marginal uptick in business activity in October.
Research group Markit said its preliminary euro zone manufacturing purchasing managers' index ticked up to 50.7 this month from a final reading of 50.3 in September. The region's services PMI held steady at 52.4, slightly above expectations of 52.0.
Meanwhile, the dollar remained supported after a report on Thursday showed that U.S. initial jobless claims rose last week, but the underlying trend indicated improving labor market conditions.
The Department of Labor said the number of Americans filing for initial jobless benefits in the week ending October 18 increased by 17,000 to 283,000, broadly in line with forecasts.
However, the four-week average fell to 281,000, the lowest since May 2000, while continuing claims, which counts people receiving benefit for at least the second month in a row, also hit a 14-year low, of 2.35 million.
The euro was fractionally higher against the pound, with EUR/GBP easing up 0.08% to 0.7895.
Later in the day, the U.S. was to produce a report on new home sales.
Investing.com offers an extensive set of professional tools for the financial markets.
Read more News on Investing.com and download the new Investing.com apps for Android and iOS!

J&K: Omar Abdullah nominates Mehbooba Mufti  Kailash Satyarthi for Swachh Bharat Abhiyaan13
0
Srinagar: Jammu and Kashmir Chief Minister Omar Abdullah on Friday nominated his political opponent and PDP president Mehbooba Mufti and Nobel Peace prize winner Kailash Satyarthi among nine people to Prime Minister Narendra Modi's 'Swachh Bharat Abhiyaan'.
Omar, who was nominated by Bollywood superstar Salman Khan to the campaign, launched by the Prime Minister earlier this month, had thanked the actor on microblogging site Twitter and asked him to watch the space for the names of the nine people he would nominate.
Apart from Mufti and Satyarthi, Omar nominated actress Deepika Padukone and politicians Milind Deora and Bayjant Jay Panda to the campaign. "Now for my nominations to pick up the broom & get sweeping - Sara Pilot, @k_satyarthi, @deepikapadukone, @milinddeora, @PandaJay," Omar wrote on Twitter.com.
Apart from Mufti and Satyarthi, Omar nominated actress Deepika Padukone and politicians Milind Deora and Bayjant Jay Panda to the campaign.
#jammu and kashmir #omar abdullah #mehbooba mufti #kailash satyarthi
Sara Pilot, Omar's sister is married to Congress leader Sachin Pilot. Omar also nominated television journalist Arnab Goswami to the campaign. "Arnab Goswami, @sidin, Mehbooba Mufti, @Raheelk. Please get cleaning & nominate another 9 people. :-)," he said.
The Chief Minister himself got into the cleaning act when he picked up a broom and joined the Srinagar Municipal Corporation team on their night cleaning operation in the flood-hit areas of the city on Wednesday.
Omar received praise from the Prime Minister for the act, who said the chief minister's efforts would strengthen the mission. "Wonderful effort by @abdullah_omar ! His efforts towards Swachh Bharat will inspire people of J&K and will strengthen the Mission," Modi wrote on Twitter.com.
The chief minister responded by saying he was happy to do his "bit to help" in contributing to cleaning the country. "@narendramodi thank you for the mention. I hope we can actually all contribute to cleaning India. Happy to do my bit to help," Omar said.
Now for my nominations to pick up the broom & get sweeping - Sara Pilot, @k_satyarthi , @deepikapadukone , @milinddeora , @PandaJay , 1/2
— Omar Abdullah (@abdullah_omar) October 24, 2014
2

A virgin birth has been confirmed in a reticulated python -- a first for the speciesBy Rachel Feltman October 24 Follow @rachelfeltman
A reticulated python, the same species as the virgin mother at the Louisville Zoo. (AFP/Getty Images)
It's no miracle, but it sure is a rare event: A reticulated python (the world's largest species of snake) gave birth to six babies without the help of a male partner.
The birth actually occurred in 2012. But it was only a few months ago that researchers published DNA evidence  that Thelma — an 11-year-old, 200 pound, 20-foot-long female at the Louisville Zoo — was the sole genetic parent. Until then, zoo keepers figured it was much more likely that Thelma's body had held onto sperm from an unknown male for a long time before using it to fertilize her eggs.
"We didn't know what we were seeing. We had attributed it to stored sperm," the zoo's snake curator, Bill McMahan,  told National Geographic . "I guess sometimes truth is stranger than fiction."
This is the first case of such a birth recorded in Thelma's species, but it's not the first seen in the animal kingdom — or even in the snake world.
In a phenomenon called parthenogenesis, females who would typically use two-parent sexual reproduction are sometimes able to accomplish the deed on their own.
Researchers say that Thelma's six female offspring were " half-clones ," National Geographic reports. That means that her egg cell probably interacted with something called a polar body — a cell made up of genetic material that's left over when the egg cell forms. These polar bodies usually just die, but sometimes they can meet up with egg cells and (if they form the right number of chromosomes once they're put together) an embryo can begin to form.
Thelma's reproductive system may have triggered the rare phenomenon because of her unusually luxurious surroundings: She lived in a large habitat, surrounded by heating pads, and was fed massive quantities of food. With conditions so optimal for reproduction, what should have been a cellular fluke ended with six healthy babies.
Of course, those healthy babies are still pretty inbred — and while they're doing just fine in their zoo enclosure, their keepers don't think they'd have survived in the wild.
Rachel Feltman runs The Post's Speaking of Science blog.

A massive award after a wrongful convictionBy Radley Balko October 24 Follow @radleybalko
A couple of weeks ago I posted about William Lopez and Jeff Deskovic, two men who had been wrongly convicted and imprisoned, then exonerated. Deskovic was released first and started a foundation to find and remedy other wrongful convictions. His first victory was the release of Lopez. The two became good friends before, sadly, Lopez died this month.
Now comes  some much-deserved good news :
Justice is served — with a hefty bill.
A Putnam County man wrongly convicted of raping a fellow high school student when he was 16 was awarded Thursday what his lawyers called the largest sum in U.S. history.
Jeff Deskovic won $41,650,000 in a lawsuit against sheriff’s investigator Daniel Stephens and Putnam County.
In 1989, 15-year-old Angela Correa never returned to school after leaving to take pictures for a photography class. Her body was later found beaten, raped and strangled.
Investigators zeroed in on Deskovic, who showed up late that day for school. Authorities said he seemed obsessed with the case, further rousing their suspicion.
Eventually Deskovic was given three lie detector tests over the course of a six-hour interrogation in which he eventually confessed.
He was convicted despite the fact that DNA tests on sperm taken from the victim didn’t match his own. He served well over a decade in prison before new DNA tests found a match to a man named Steven Cunningham, who then confessed to the rape and murder.
Associated Press reports say that because of the terms of a pretrial agreement, Deskovic will receive only $10 million of the award.
Radley Balko blogs about criminal justice, the drug war and civil liberties for The Washington Post. He is the author of the book "Rise of the Warrior Cop: The Militarization of America's Police Forces."

http://usat.ly/1tjP7tzFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Ford: We have expertise to do Tesla-like car
Ford CEO Mark Fields says the company could produce a Tesla-style high performance electric vehicle with long range. "It's consistent with our product philosophy," Fields said Friday. He didn't promise to do so, though.
Post to Facebook
Ford: We have expertise to do Tesla-like car Ford CEO Mark Fields says the company could produce a Tesla-style high performance electric vehicle with long range. "It's consistent with our product philosophy," Fields said Friday. He didn't promise to do so, though. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1tQRRzG
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
148
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Ford: We have expertise to do Tesla-like car
James R. Healey , 6:46 p.m. EDT October 24, 2014
A sign at Ford dealership in West Chester, Pa.
(Photo: Eileen Blass, USA TODAY)
1290 CONNECT 291 TWEET 22 LINKEDIN 148 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Ford CEO Mark Fields says the company has the expertise and ability to build a Tesla-style full-size, high-tech, high-performance, long-range electric vehicle.
Fields stopped short of saying Ford will do so, but did say, "It's consistent with our product philosophy."
Ford's only all-electric is the small Focus electric. Ford also sells plug-in hybrids.
Fields made the Tesla comment Friday during a conference call with Wall Street investment analysts and reporters discussing Ford's third-quarter earnings announcement.
Ford said it has no plan to copy the Tesla Model S -- a big, four-door hatchback sedan. But a larger vehicle of some kind, with greater range and better performance than the Focus electric, would fit Ford's lineup and its emphasis on technology, the automaker said.
In the conference call, Fields said Ford has the engineering and manufacturing sophistication to do such a model, with the range and quickness that characterize the Model S.
Ford bought a Tesla Model S and, Fields said, "We drove it. We took it apart. We put it back together and we drove it again."
One possibility, though Ford didn't bring it up: Inject some verve into the flagging Lincoln luxury brand by having it offer a large, fast, long-range electric car. Lincoln already enjoys some success with its mid-size MKZ hybrid sedan.
Lincoln's big sedan, a derivative of the Ford Taurus, is the MKS. So if Lincoln were to electrfy that one, it, too, would have an "S" model battery car.
Tesla was supportive.
It opened its patents in June to hurry the development of high-performance electrics by other makers. The company said Friday it believes that automakers "and the world would all benefit from a common, rapidly-evolving technology platform."
Tesla could benefit financially, because it's planned "giga-factory" would be a main source for the high-capacity battery packs such cars would require.
In its earnings report Friday, Ford ( F ) said it had pre-tax profit of $1.2 billion the quarter and net income of $835 million, both well down from a year ago on higher costs, lower sales volumes.
1290 CONNECT 291 TWEET 22 LINKEDIN 148 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1tQRRzG
USA NOW
Liftoff! Orion launches new era of space exploration
Dec 05, 2014

Premature to talk of US troop cuts in Asia: John KerrySecretary of State John Kerry said on Friday that it was too early to discuss cutting the number of US troops.
By: Agence-France Presse | Washington | Posted: October 24, 2014 10:40 pm
Secretary of State John Kerry said on Friday that it was too early to discuss cutting the number of US troops stationed in Asia and South Korea, amid increased tensions on the heavily guarded peninsula.
The top US diplomat insisted before any such moves could happen North Korea must first show a serious commitment to rejoining six-party talks on ending its suspect nuclear program.
Asked after meeting his South Korean counterpart Yun Byung-se whether Washington would consider reducing its military presence in Asia if North Korea returned to the stalled nuclear negotiations, Kerry ruled out the idea.
“The mere entering into talks is not an invitation to take any actions regarding troops or anything else at this point. It would be way too premature to have any thought, or even discussion” along those lines, Kerry said.
“The only purpose of entering the talks is to come to an understanding regarding first the denuclearization and then following the denuclearization obviously whatever relationship might be appropriate.”
He also ruled out any idea of visiting isolated North Korea and meeting leader Kim Jong-un in the near term. Washington and Pyongyang do not have diplomatic ties.
Yun said South Korea was awaiting a “clear stance” on Pyongyang’s nuclear policy and “a halt to the sophistication of its nuclear weapons.”
“All of this has to be real. It has to lead to real solutions,” Yun said.

Govt aims at 50th position in ease of doing business rankingThe Commerce and Industry Ministry has already taken several measures and has proposed series of steps. Reuters
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: October 24, 2014 10:18 pm
The government is aiming to improve India’s ranking in ease of doing business index to 50th position in the next two years from the current 134th.
The Commerce and Industry Ministry has already taken several measures and has proposed series of steps, including drastically reducing the time for registration of business to one day, single registration of all labour laws and cut in number of taxes to improve ease of doing business in India.
“Aim is to improve the ranking to 50th position in two years from 134th at present. Different government departments have already started consultation and deliberations on steps to improve India’s ranking,” sources said.
They added that meetings would continue to remove all the barriers and simplify the cumbersome procedures related to approvals and clearance mechanism for business activities.
According to a World Bank report, India has slipped three positions to 134th spot in the latest ‘ease of doing business’ list, which is topped by Singapore.
The Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion (DIPP), has identified sectors and specific reforms that are urgently required to substantially improve India’s ranking in ease of doing business.
The department has listed as many as 46 action points for different central government ministries and state governments for improving the business climate.
For Corporate Affairs Ministry, it has suggested that the time taken in registration of business from existing 27 days be reduced to only one day as in Canada and New Zealand.
It has also called for doing away with the requirement of company seal and removal of minimum paid up capital for starting a business.
It has suggested introduction of Bankruptcy Law, Unified Insolvency Code, speedy constitution of benches under National Company Law
Tribunal and fixing of a definite and predictable timeframe for rehabilitation and liquidation process.
Similarly, it has recommended reduction in number of taxes and permitting online payment of taxes; simplification of complex tax processes; expediting implementation of Direct Tax Code, Goods and Services tax besides abolition of minimum alternate tax for SEZ developers and units.
Further, it has called for a uniform policy and procedure for all states for a single window clearance along with combined application form and single registration for VAT and other state taxes.
The DIPP has also proposed timelines to implement these initiatives, aimed at attracting investments as part of the Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s ‘Make In India’ campaign.
During the last three years, India received an average of USD 30 billion annual foreign direct investment.
India needs huge investments to give a boost to its manufacturing sector and to create million of jobs.

Northern Railways runs extra train to Patna for Chhath rushOct 24, 2014 at 10:53pm IST
Northern Railways runs extra train to Patna for Chhath rush
13
0
New Delhi: With Chhath Puja to be celebrated from October 27-29, the Indian Railways is making extra efforts to accommodate the hundreds of people heading home for the festival and ran an extra train to Patna on Friday, said officials.
"In view of the burgeoning crowds waiting to head home to celebrate Chhath, the Northern Railways today (Friday) ran an extra train from Anand Vihar station to Patna," Neeraj Sharma, chief public relations officer of Northern Railways, said.
According to Sharma, the railways has made extra provisions for the entire festival season, that started at the end of September beginning with Navratri, Eid, Dussehra, Diwali and now for Chhath.
Indian Railways is making extra efforts to accommodate the hundreds of people heading home for the festival and ran an extra train to Patna.
Railways is running around 160 extra trains for the entire festival season that ends November 10. This includes weekly and daily trains. During the entire festival season, the railways is expected to make some 3,000 trips, said Sharma.
The Northern Railways has also added 130 extra coaches.
"Senior officials are personally monitoring all the arrangements during the festival season to ensure everything goes off without any hitch," he added.
The Northern Railways has also added 25 extra booking counters at the stations in Delhi to help with faster daily reservation of tickets.
The officials are also keeping watch for touts and some 55 touts have been caught so far, he said.
The festival season has witnessed a 30-40 per cent increase in passengers, said Sharma.
Friday, there was 30 per cent increase in passenger traffic.
Chhath is celebrated six days after Diwali. It is dedicated to the sun god, and is one of Bihar's most popular festivals.
5

Contributions to Swach Bharat Kosh come under CSR ambitOct 24, 2014 at 10:50pm IST
Contributions to Swach Bharat Kosh come under CSR ambit
13
0
New Delhi: Contributions made by corporates towards Swach Bharat Kosh and Clean Ganga Fund will be considered as social welfare spending under the new companies law, according to the government.
Swach Bharat Kosh and Clean Ganga Fund are among the key initiatives unveiled by the Narendra Modi-led government as part of its efforts to ensure cleanliness. While Swach Bharat Kosh is to attract funds for works to improve sanitation facilities, the Clean Ganga Fund is for pooling money to be used for cleaning up Ganga river.
Certain class of profitable companies are required to shell out at least two per cent of their three-year average annual net profit towards Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) activities. The provision, which is part of the new Companies Act, came into force from April 1.
Swach Bharat Kosh and Clean Ganga Fund are among the key initiatives unveiled by the Narendra Modi-led government as part of its efforts to ensure cleanliness.
#swach bharat kosh #csr #swachh bharat abhiyaan #ganga
The Corporate Affairs Ministry, which is implementing the new companies law, has now brought contributions to Swach Bharat Kosh and Clean Ganga Fund under the CSR ambit. In a notification today, the Ministry has inserted the words 'including contribution to the Swach Bharat Kosh set up by the central government for the promotion of sanitation" in Schedule VII of the Act.
Besides, the words "including contribution to the Clean Ganga Fund set up by the central government for rejuvenation of river Ganga" have been inserted in the Schedule. Schedule VII of Companies Act, 2013, pertains to CSR activities. During the day, Modi -- whose government has embarked on a major drive to ensure cleanliness -- tweeted about the topic.
"Several friends told me that a lot of people cleaned the areas where they burst crackers during Diwali. I congratulate them for the efforts," he said in a tweet. Meanwhile, as per the new companies law, CSR norms would be applicable to companies having at least Rs 5 crore net profit, or Rs 1,000 crore turnover or Rs 500 crore net worth.
Such companies would need to spend two per cent of their three-year average annual net profit on CSR activities in each financial year, beginning 2014-15 fiscal. Livelihood enhancement and rural development projects, working towards protection of national heritage, setting up public libraries, promotion and development of traditional arts and handicrafts, are among the activities coming under CSR ambit.
4

Canada shooter struggled with addiction  turned to IslamPeople gather to pay homage to the soldier who was killed during the shooting at Canadian parliament.
By: Agence-France Presse | Ottawa | Posted: October 24, 2014 11:50 pm
A gunman who stormed Canada’s parliament after killing a soldier at a nearby war memorial was a petty criminal fighting a drug addiction and was estranged from his family, reports said on Friday.
Michael Zehaf-Bibeau, 32, had moved across the country to westernmost British Columbia province to try to start over following a drug conviction in Montreal.
Disillusioned and addicted to crack cocaine, he was drawn to Islam a decade ago as he tried to turn his life around, Canadian media reported, but ended up driving Muslims away as he became increasingly radicalized.
The Globe & Mail newspaper said he would preach to non-Muslims one day and smoke crack cocaine the next.
Meanwhile, he denounced a Vancouver-area mosque’s outreach attempts, complaining that too many infidels were visiting.
At one point in Vancouver, he tried to turn himself in for armed robbery but a police officer could not find any record of the alleged 10-year-old crime, so refused to arrest him, the Vancouver Sun reported.
Instead he was taken to a local hospital for observation but psychiatrists quickly cleared him of any mental illness, so he was driven to a detox center. They refused him because he was not intoxicated.
Soon afterward he was arrested for robbing a fast food restaurant and asked to be kept in jail, hoping there he would get help.
But he would be sentenced to only one day in jail (in addition to 66 days in pretrial lockup).
“I’m a crack addict, and at the same time, I’m a religious person,” Zehaf-Bibeau told the judge in 2012, according to a court audio transcript cited by the Vancouver Sun.
“I want to sacrifice freedom and good things for a year maybe, and when I come out, I’ll appreciate things in life more and be clean, or maybe get therapy if you guys can – like a detox.”
At an Ottawa shelter where he stayed for a few nights before the attack on parliament, residents and staff offered mixed observations, according to the Globe & Mail.
He was praised for helping translate for an elderly man who spoke only Arabic, and was overheard screaming into a telephone at a car rental agency that refused his business (he would instead buy an old Toyota Corolla to use in the attack on parliament).
“He was very pious… but he seemed very extreme,” shelter volunteer Abdel Kareem Abubakir told the newspaper.

Pakistan court acquits key accused in Daniel Pearl murder caseBy: Press Trust of India | Hyderabad | Posted: October 24, 2014 11:35 pm
An anti-terrorist court (ATC) in Pakistan on Friday acquitted a co-accused in the 2002 kidnapping and murder case of US journalist Daniel Pearl for lack of evidence.
During a trial inside the Hyderabad central jail, Qari Hashim, who was initially arrested in August 2005, was acquitted for lack of evidence.
“It is a great victory for truth and my client. We had filed an acquittal plea under Section 265-K of the Criminal Procedure Code, arguing that there was no evidence against my client,” Defence counsel, Sher Muhammad Leghari told reporters after the trial concluded.
He said Hashim had been apprehended for arranging a meeting between Wall Street journalist Pearl and Mubarak Ali Shah Gillani.
Gillani is another co-accused in the high profile case.
Pearl was first kidnapped by militants in January 2002 and a month later his beheaded body was found in a Karachi graveyard with videotapes of the scenes of his beheading.
The third co-accused Saud Memon, who was accused of providing the place where Pearl was kept incarcerated, had died in mysterious circumstances in May 2007.
British-born Pakistani Ahmed Omar Saeed Sheikh , who is the main accused, is currently lodged in the Hyderabad Central jail in Sindh province.
Omar was convicted in 2002 and sentenced to death but has appealed against his punishment.
Two other co-accused are serving life imprisonment in the case.

Imran Khan targets Nawaz Sharif for silence on India-Pakistan border issueBy: Press Trust of India | Lahore | Posted: October 24, 2014 11:23 pm
Pakistan Tehreek-i-Insaf chief Imran Khan on Friday again targeted Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif for his “silence” over the situation on the Indian border.
“Indian Prime Minster Narendra Modi is issuing harsh statements against Pakistan but Mian Sahib (Sharif) is still silent. I tell you the reason behind his silence. Nawaz Sharif’s son is doing business with India therefore he shies away from taking on his counterpart on the border issue,” Khan told a large gathering at a rally in Gujrat district, 200 kilometres from Lahore, this evening.
Khan has been holding a series of protest rallies in the country since mid-August as part of a campaign to press Sharif to resign besides demanding a thorough judicial probe into alleged rigging in the 2013 general election which his party lost.
The cricketer-turned-politician further said, “A businessman cannot be a good ruler of a country”. He said Sharif would not give any anti-India statement on the border issue as he was a businessman.
Khan warned Sharif that he would continue his Islamabad sit-in till he received his resignation as prime minister.
“I will move in a tent if people stop coming or I have no resources to hold the sit-in in Islamabad. But I will not return without taking Nawaz Sharif’s resignation,” Khan said.

UPS gears up for holiday seasonups gears up for holiday season
Hyundai presses ahead with $10bn land dealHyundai presses ahead with $10bn land deal despite opposition
By Simon Mundy in Seoul
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1a818bd0-455f-11e4-ab86-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Thai leaders risk backlash from eliteThai leaders risk policy backlash among country’s elite
Michael Peel in Bangkok
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6ca9b8e0-5394-11e4-8285-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

BoK cuts rates and growth forecastBank of Korea cuts rates to 2% and lowers growth forecast
By Simon Mundy and Song Jung-a in Seoul
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/636a9296-541a-11e4-80db-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Executives line up to advise Thai regimeExecutives line up to advise Thai regime
By Michael Peel in Thailand
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2d676884-5048-11e4-9822-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sundaram BNP Paribas Home Finance to acquire small loan portfolios from housing finance cosSundaram BNP Paribas Home Finance to acquire small loan portfolios from housing finance cos
BS Reporter | Chennai Oct 24, 2014 08:50 PM IST
Sundaram BNP Paribas Home Finance, a joint venture company of Sundaram Finance and BNP Paribas, plans to acquire loan portfolios of smaller housing finance companies that are focused on affordable housing.
Srinivas Acharya, managing director of Sundaram BNP Home Finance, said the company is in talks with a market player and would close a deal in the next two weeks.
While the JV was targeting a portfolio size of around Rs 11 crore, Acharya said, they were keen on acquiring assets worth Rs 50 crore by the end of the present fiscal.
“There is a huge scope in this space. In a year, we can buy Rs 600-700 crore,” he said, adding these loan accounts are of around Rs 7 lakh on an average and offer better yields and the recovery levels were also high.
Speaking of the company's performance, he said, during the second quarter it had reported a 11 per cent increase in profit to Rs 36.11 crore from Rs 32.62 crore, while disbursements fell to Rs 537 crore from Rs 685 crore posted a year ago.
He attributed the drop to the sluggishness in the real estate market as buyers were adopting a wait-and-watch approach hoping for a fall in property prices.
Acharya expects the company to close the present fiscal with around 10 per cent growth in the loan book. “There is some hope for a revival and we feel that the second half of the fiscal would be better. But, for the moment it is only a muted growth with a recovery of sorts."
The company is also planning to increase its rural housing financing business. The company had entered this space about four months ago and till now has sanctioned around Rs 20 crore and has set a target of around Rs 50 crore in disbursals by the end of the present fiscal and Rs 100 crore for the following year.
To support the growth, it is looking at raising around Rs 1,500 crore by the end of the fiscal through a mix of term borrowings, subordinate debt, commercial paper, deposits and National Housing Bank refinance.

Hyundai Motor: at the crossroads© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/99d3365a-5a62-11e4-be86-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Borrowing at low rates better than buying home for cash0
We understand the desire to not overload yourselves with debt. But by the time you save up to buy a home for cash, most of the short sales may be gone and prices may be rising at a speed that will eclipse your ability to catch up.
If you have at least 10 to 20 percent of the purchase price or more saved up, you should work with a local real estate agent who specializes in short sales in your neighborhood of choice. You can also go to HUDhomestore.com to look at FHA foreclosures that are being sold there. (If you decide to purchase a HUD home, you will need to work with an agent who is certified to place a bid for you on that website. You can search the site to find an agent who has successfully represented other buyers in the area.)
Locking down financing is one way to ensure that your home purchase is affordable. If you're still able to rack up impressive savings, you can choose to prepay the loan or you can use the cash to purchase another vacation home that you rent out.
As for the economic recovery, it's happening very slowly. With wages falling in real (i.e., inflation-adjusted) dollars, roughly 70 percent of Americans feel as though we are still in a recession. While the official unemployment number is now quite reasonable, the U-6, which is the broadest measure of unemployment (and includes the under-employed and people who have given up on looking for a job because they don't believe they'll find one) is still over 11 percent. More to the point, a lot of the jobs that have been created are part time, just over minimum wage, and don't include benefits.
All of this is to say that there will be short sales to come in the near term, though not every location will have them and not all lenders will cooperate with owners in short sales in rental vacation areas. To find a lot of foreclosures or short sales, you'll need to look in areas that were, and remain, hardest hit by the housing crisis.
We recommend that you speak with several local real estate agents in your neighborhood of choice to start to understand the market and how you can find your own great deal.
( Ilyce Glink is the creator of an 18-part webinar and ebook series called " The Intentional Investor : How to be wildly successful in real estate," as well as the author of many books on real estate. She also hosts the "Real Estate Minute," on her YouTube.com/expertrealestatetips channel. If you have questions, you can call her radio show toll-free (800-972-8255) any Sunday, from 11a-1p EST. Contact Ilyce and Sam through her website , http://www.thinkglink.com .)
(c) 2014 ILYCE R. GLINK AND SAMUEL J. TAMKIN. DISTRIBUTED BY TRIBUNE CONTENT AGENCY, LLC.

UK voters put Europe relationship firstUK voters see relationship with Europe as of utmost importance
Kiran Stacey, Political Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6876e900-5a01-11e4-be86-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Cash-rich PSUs loath to help sick brethrenE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Canada comes to terms with terrorShare via twitter Share via facebook Share via linkedin Share via google+
Canada comes to terms with terror
Nov 3, 2014 : The two attacks on servicemen in Ottawa and Quebec this week have shocked the country. The FT’s Robert Wright reports on Canada facing up to the possibility of a home-grown jihadi movement.

Inside Tech: Castles in the cloudsCloud computing still castles in the air for some tech investors
Richard Waters
At this stage, the new growth market offers lower profits and the prospect of large capital spending
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2ef530ae-59fe-11e4-be86-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

So far this new growth market offers lower profits and the prospect large capital spendingCloud computing still castles in the air for some tech investors
Richard Waters
At this stage, the new growth market offers lower profits and the prospect of large capital spending
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2ef530ae-59fe-11e4-be86-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Apple Pay: Revolution at the tills© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/bcce5996-5549-11e4-b750-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Road-testing the digital payment service that may succeed where other mobile wallets have failed© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/bcce5996-5549-11e4-b750-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Amazon shares drop as loss widensAny questions? Ask Customer Services
Please contact ftsales.support@ft.com for discounted group licences
Fast FT is only available to FT.com subscribers and registered users
Register or subscribe to get the news that moves markets as it happens around the world, 24 hours a day, on your computer, mobile and tablet.

EU tells Britain to pay extra 2.1bnEU tells Britain to pay extra €2.1bn
Alex Barker in Brussels and George Parker in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/81f4a330-5aa2-11e4-8625-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Cameron puts on brave face in EuropeCameron puts on brave face as trouble brews at home
George Parker, Political Editor
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/eb0203b0-5aaa-11e4-b449-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Japan blighted by zombie housingJapan blighted by zombie housing
Louise Lucas in Tokyo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d95ea1f6-5512-11e4-b616-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Three-quarters of NYC Airbnbs illegal© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d1f41606-554b-11e4-89e8-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Airbnb and Uber for business travellersAugust 10, 2014 12:57 pm
Airbnb and Uber on the business travel itinerary
By Rhymer Rigby
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e1af68f4-1d77-11e4-b927-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

City dwellers carry $650bn homes burdenWorld’s city dwellers paying out $650bn more than they can afford
Kate Allen in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3df85be6-5abf-11e4-b449-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Koreas rent-free tenancies under strain© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/80ab0880-3e1d-11e4-b175-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Facebook seeks to reinvent the chatroom 
About the authors
Richard Waters has headed the FT's San Francisco bureau since 2002 and covers Google and Microsoft, among other things. A former New York bureau chief for the FT, he is intrigued by Silicon Valley's unique financial and business culture, and is looking forward to covering his second Tech Bust.
Chris Nuttall has been online and messing around with computers for more than 20 years. He reported from the FT's San Francisco bureau on semiconductors, video games, consumer electronics and all things interwebby from 2004 to 2013, before returning to London.
Tim Bradshaw is the FT's digital media correspondent, and has just moved from London to join our team in San Francisco. He has covered start-ups such as Twitter and Spotify, as well as the online ambitions of more established media companies, such as the BBC iPlayer. He also covers the advertising, marketing and video-game industries. Tim has been writing about technology, business and finance since 2003.
Robert Cookson is the FT's digital media correspondent in London. He covers digital enterprise in media, from the music industry to local newspapers and social networks such as Facebook and Twitter. A former Hong Kong markets correspondent, he is interested in the interplay between old media and new technologies.
Hannah Kuchler writes about technology and Silicon Valley from the FT's San Francisco bureau. She covers social media including Facebook and Twitter and the dark and mysterious world of cybersecurity. Hannah has worked for the FT in London, Hong Kong and New York, reporting on everything from British politics to the Chinese internet.
Sarah Mishkin in a correspondent in San Francisco, where she covers payments, e-commerce, and political news on the West Coast. Prior to California, she has worked as an FT reporter in New York, London, Abu Dhabi, Hong Kong, and most recently in Taiwan, where she covered Chinese internet companies, semiconductors, and tech supply chains.

At least 824 000 displaced by Ukraine conflict: UNAround 95 per cent of the displaced people are from conflict-torn eastern Ukraine. (Source: AP)
By: Agence-France Presse | Geneva | Posted: October 24, 2014 4:55 pm
The conflict in Ukraine has driven more than 824,000 people from their homes, the UN refugee agency said on Friday, warning that it was having to scramble aid to offset the impact of winter.
At least 430,000 people had been displaced within Ukraine as of Thursday, UNHCR said, 170,000 more than at the start of September.
“With the crisis in Ukraine entering its first winter, UNHCR is racing to help some of the most vulnerable displaced people cope with expected harsh winter conditions,” the UN agency said.
“Ongoing fighting in the east, and the resulting breakdown of basic services, continues to drive more people from their homes,” it added.
Around 95 per cent of the displaced people are from conflict-torn eastern Ukraine.
UNHCR said that the need for humanitarian aid was greatest around Donetsk, Kharkiv, Kiev and in the Dnipropetrovsk and Zaporizhia regions.
In addition to those displaced within Ukraine, another 387,000 have fled to Russia, while 6,600 have applied for asylum in the European Union and 581 in Belarus, UNHCR said.

UK economy grows 0.7% in third quarterUK economy grows 0.7% in third quarter
Emily Cadman
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2407feae-5b59-11e4-a674-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Weak exports weigh on SKorea GDPWeak exports weigh on South Korea GDP
By Simon Mundy in Seoul
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d7a1dc86-5b2d-11e4-8625-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

N.C. Board of Dental Examiners podcastComments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers.
All comments are posted in the All Comments tab.
Get a badge
To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in.
Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers.
Spam

There is now only one confirmed case of Ebola in the United StatesBy Mark Berman October 24 Follow @markberman
News vans park outside a bar and bowling alley that had been visited by the New York Ebola patient. (Lucas Jackson/Reuters)
The fear that surrounds Ebola — a disease that is incredibly deadly and not very contagious, a plague that has killed thousands yet is difficult to contract — is understandably exacerbated whenever a new case is diagnosed. The realization that one person contracted it opens up the possibility that other people may have gotten it as well; the fact that people are rarely stationary reminds us that a person with the virus can board a commercial flight, ride in a subway, take a taxi and otherwise exist in the same world as you and everyone you know and love. At the same time, anxiety breeds paranoia and paranoia begets panic, clouding the realities on the ground.
All of which is to say that, as of Friday morning, there is now only one confirmed case of Ebola in the United States.
Craig Spencer, a doctor who had fought the virus in Guinea, was diagnosed Thursday in New York City . He is the fourth person diagnosed in the United States.
At a news conference on Friday, Anthony Fauci, head of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, announced that nurse Nina Pham is "free of Ebola" and said it was "a privilege" to treat her at the National Institutes of Health in Maryland. (AP)
Two nurses who had cared for Thomas Duncan, the first person diagnosed in the country, had contracted Ebola during Duncan’s treatment. Nina Pham, the first nurse diagnosed with Ebola in Dallas,  was declared “virus free” on Friday morning, according to the National Institutes of Health in Bethesda. The second nurse, Amber Vinson, was said to be virus free two days earlier . Duncan, the “index patient” in Dallas, who had flown from Liberia to Texas last month, died eight days after  he was diagnosed.
Dozens of people who had contact with Duncan — including several who had been in the apartment with him as he was exhibiting symptoms, which is when a person can become contagious — were deemed  not at risk of developing Ebola earlier this week, after making it through the 21-day window when experts say the virus emerges.
Public health officials continue monitoring the people who had contact with Duncan during his treatment and with the nurses and, as of Thursday, began to watch three people who had contact with Spencer. The United States has likely not seen its last case of Ebola. Other diagnoses are expected in the coming weeks and months, authorities say, as the virus continues to ravage West Africa. But amid fear and panic, it is worth remembering that — if you are reading this in the United States — unless your name is Craig Spencer, you presumably do not have Ebola.
Mark Berman is a reporter on the National staff. He runs Post Nation, a destination for breaking news and developing stories from around the country.

P Chidambaram takes on Narendra Modi  Arun Jaitley over black money list; wants Rahul Gandhi to  speak moreHome
Economy
P Chidambaram takes on Narendra Modi, Arun Jaitley over black money list; wants Rahul Gandhi to 'speak more'
PTI | New Delhi | Updated:  Oct 24 2014, 20:41  IST
Oct 24 2014, 20:41  IST
 

Amazon  Muddy river© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/8b2fa686-5af5-11e4-8625-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Shana Gadarian and Bethany Albertsonshana gadarian and bethany albertson
Movie review: Shah Rukh Khan s  Happy New Year  all about what he can doE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Canada shooter struggled with addiction  turned toIslamPeople gather to pay homage to the soldier who was killed during the shooting at Canadian parliament.
By: Agence-France Presse | Ottawa | Posted: October 24, 2014 11:50 pm
A gunman who stormed Canada’s parliament after killing a soldier at a nearby war memorial was a petty criminal fighting a drug addiction and was estranged from his family, reports said on Friday.
Michael Zehaf-Bibeau, 32, had moved across the country to westernmost British Columbia province to try to start over following a drug conviction in Montreal.
Disillusioned and addicted to crack cocaine, he was drawn to Islam a decade ago as he tried to turn his life around, Canadian media reported, but ended up driving Muslims away as he became increasingly radicalized.
The Globe & Mail newspaper said he would preach to non-Muslims one day and smoke crack cocaine the next.
Meanwhile, he denounced a Vancouver-area mosque’s outreach attempts, complaining that too many infidels were visiting.
At one point in Vancouver, he tried to turn himself in for armed robbery but a police officer could not find any record of the alleged 10-year-old crime, so refused to arrest him, the Vancouver Sun reported.
Instead he was taken to a local hospital for observation but psychiatrists quickly cleared him of any mental illness, so he was driven to a detox center. They refused him because he was not intoxicated.
Soon afterward he was arrested for robbing a fast food restaurant and asked to be kept in jail, hoping there he would get help.
But he would be sentenced to only one day in jail (in addition to 66 days in pretrial lockup).
“I’m a crack addict, and at the same time, I’m a religious person,” Zehaf-Bibeau told the judge in 2012, according to a court audio transcript cited by the Vancouver Sun.
“I want to sacrifice freedom and good things for a year maybe, and when I come out, I’ll appreciate things in life more and be clean, or maybe get therapy if you guys can – like a detox.”
At an Ottawa shelter where he stayed for a few nights before the attack on parliament, residents and staff offered mixed observations, according to the Globe & Mail.
He was praised for helping translate for an elderly man who spoke only Arabic, and was overheard screaming into a telephone at a car rental agency that refused his business (he would instead buy an old Toyota Corolla to use in the attack on parliament).
“He was very pious… but he seemed very extreme,” shelter volunteer Abdel Kareem Abubakir told the newspaper.

Housing bright spotshousing bright spots
Three nations absent as China sets up World Bank rivalThree nations absent as China sets up World Bank rival
Nokia buy helps Microsoft increase sales by 25%Nokia buy helps Microsoft increase sales by 25%
Pak court acquits key accused in Daniel Pearl murder casePak court acquits key accused in Daniel Pearl murder case
Anupam Shah : Needed a trade-friendly FTPAnupam Shah : Needed a trade-friendly FTP
Narendra Modi govt aims at 50th position in ease of doing business rankingE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

My Life My Style: Jaydev M ModySeinfeld
Best gift received
An envelope stuffed with Rs 11,000 that I got from my mother every birthday; a Mercedes Benz from my wife on my 50th
Favourite cuisine
Newspaper and TV channels and websites you prefer
Papers by the Times Group, National Geographic channel
Where do you like to sit when being driven? Upfront with driver or back seat like sahib?
Always upfront with the driver
On a plane, do you prefer to network, sleep or catch up on films and reading?
Depends on who is around... but mostly sleep
Fancy coffee or masala tea
Masala tea
What do you cook on your day off?
A Gujarati meal for my family when overseas
Are you a beach or a mountain person?
Mountain

Moscow and Kiev talks end in an impasseRussian and Ukrainian presidents fail to reach breakthrough
James Politi in Milan
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8f48dbca-55d7-11e4-a3c9-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sweden vows to increase defence spendingSweden vows to increase defence spending amid hunt for submarine
Richard Milne, Nordic and Baltic Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/309f0322-590d-11e4-a722-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Six important questions for your potential investorsSix important questions for your potential investors
What to ask potential investors
RomoloTavani / Getty Images/iStockphoto
Business
'It's equally important that you vet the investor to make sure she fits with your goals.'
A while back, fellow entrepreneur Aaron Schwartz and I were on a panel at NextSpace in Berkeley. We were sharing the stage with the Venture Capitalist Michael Berolzheimer of Bee Partners and Doug Bend, a great startup and small business attorney. The panel was about the mechanics of raising your first round of financing. The audience, consisting of mostly early-stage entrepreneurs, wanted to know how much you should raise (how much do you need?), what type of story you should tell (an honest one?) and of course, whether you should raise equity or debt (it depends!).
8
Toward the end of the discussion, Michael listed off a set of questions that you, the entrepreneur, should bring into every investor meeting. We have collectively raised $1.5 million in capital for our businesses, and I think that Michael's questions were incredibly insightful. They're listed below, with added color from our own experience.
When was the last time you made an investment?
0
Seed stage VCs should be making investments actively. If the investor hasn't made an investment in the last three months, they might not have money to invest and could be wasting your time. Unfortunately, quite a few VCs take meetings although they lack funds. You can use tools like Mattermark to get some of information on investors' last investment before the meeting.
What is your typical bite size?
Investors typically invest different amounts; some invest $25K-100K and others might not write checks smaller than $250K. Before wasting your and an investor's time, research the investor's typical investment size. For example, when Michael from Bee Partners was an angel investor, he had companies that were looking for $250K pitch him, but he didn't write checks bigger than $100K. You can use Angel List to look at investor's typical investment sizes. (By the way, now that Michael is a VC, he does write $250K checks!)
What's your process like? How do you make a decision?
Investors can have very different investment processes. Some may make a decision after one meeting, and others may take five meetings without making a decision. Ask the investor about their process. If they hem and haw, get out — it's not worth wasting your time. Getting a “no” is way better than getting no answer. Raising money can be a full-time job for a founder, so learning about an investor's processes can help you know what to expect.
Who else do you co-invest with?
If an investor has committed, ask who she co-invests with. Warm introductions from an investor can be incredibly impactful — she's putting her money and credibility on the line. The referred investor then knows it must be a worthwhile deal. If the investor has a network of “co-investors” in general, she probably means business. One caveat: If the investor passes on your company, don't ask for introductions to other investors. An introduction from an uncommitted investor can send a negative signal.
How does our business fit within your portfolio?
Of all the questions on this list, this is the easiest for you to research ahead of time. You might find that no other businesses in the portfolio are similar to yours — in that case, get ready for a quick meeting! Similarly, if there are a lot of businesses similar to yours, you might run into a conflict. In general, you're looking for the “just right” portfolio — one with analogous companies that might share a business model, but no (or few) direct competitors.
How do you interact with founders after investing?
Bee Partners has been incredibly supportive of both of Magoosh and Modify. When Bhavin was raising a bridge round for Magoosh, Michael was the first investor to commit. Similarly, Modify just launched Major League Baseball watches, and Michael helped Aaron connect with other companies in the portfolio who provided great advice about the terms of the licensing group. Some investors are hands on, some will make introductions to their entire network, and some will do nothing — know what you are getting into!
There are no “right” answers for any of these questions. It's important that you know what type of relationship you're entering. Your investors are going to be your partners for the long-run. Most startups focus on ensuring that an investor understands the business. It's equally important that you vet the investor to make sure she fits with your goals.
Bhavin Parikh is CEO and co-founder of Magoosh. Co-author Aaron Schwartz is the founder and CEO at Modify Industries, Inc.

Gold price slips on lacklustre demandE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Sweden abandons submarine huntSweden abandons submarine hunt
Richard Milne, Nordic Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/07bdf246-5b4d-11e4-a674-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

US New-Home Sales Close to Flat in Septemberus new-home sales close to flat in september
Euro up after report on bank stress tests  short-coveringDollar surges on strong U.S. jobs data, more room to rise
By Daniel Bases, Reuters
Finance Federal Reserve Mario Draghi Stanley Fischer European Central Bank
The U.S. dollar reached fresh multiyear highs on Friday after a stronger-than-forecast November U.S. jobs report increased expectations the Federal Reserve may begin raising interest rates sooner than previously thought.
Employers added the most workers in nearly three years in November and wages rose, the latest U.S. employment report showed. Nonfarm payrolls increased by 321,000, better than forecasts for an increase of 230,000. The unemployment rate held steady at a six-year low of 5.8 percent.
8
Earlier this week U.S. central bank officials such as New York Fed President William Dudley and Fed Vice Chairman Stanley Fischer made comments that pointed toward rate increases in response to stronger U.S. economic figures, maintaining a focus on what the data showed.
"The Fed already indicated that they were shifting. The comments from Dudley and Fischer earlier this week suggested they were beginning to think seriously about normalizing (policy) and this would make them think even more seriously, that they should be thinking about H1 (first half of the year) versus H2," said Steven Englander, global head of G10 foreign exchange strategy at CitiFX.
0
Friday's jobs data pulled market expectations for the Fed to start tightening monetary policy back toward mid-2015 from September.
Interest rate futures contracts now show that traders see about a 53 percent chance for a July 2015 hike, based on the CME FedWatch program. That is more in line with last month's Reuters poll of economists who see the first rate increase in June of next year.
"The trend is pretty good. Now comes the second-guessing in the market. It brings concerns that the Fed might look to raise earlier than some people had expected. I don't think anyone should fear the Fed right now," said Scott Brown, chief economist at Raymond James in St. Petersburg, Florida. Brown said the increase could be seasonal but there is optimism heading into 2015.
Rising U.S. interest rates would be in stark contrast to the euro zone and Japan, where monetary policy is moving in the opposite direction. The pattern would increase the yield advantage for investors holding U.S. dollar-denominated assets.
"We think dollar/yen could hit 125 yen before the end of 2014. But then it is going to stabilize. We think that the good news will be priced in at that stage," said Englander, who added the euro has more to fall, perhaps reaching $1.20 before the end of the year and plumbing lows of $1.12 to $1.15 in 2015.
In late afternoon New York trade, the dollar traded at 121.42 yen, a gain of 1.37 percent but off a high of 121.68 yen, the strongest level since mid-2007.
The euro fell 0.70 percent to $1.2290. In the immediate trading after the payrolls data the euro slid to $1.2271, its weakest since mid-August 2012.
On Thursday, European Central Bank President Mario Draghi said the central bank would decide early next year whether to take fresh action to revive the economy. Draghi also said any decision by the bank's Governing Council need not be unanimous to begin quantitative easing measures, including buying of sovereign bonds in an effort to spur borrowing and investment.
Some in the market were disappointed Draghi did not find an even more explicit way of moving the bank closer to outright quantitative easing.
But his language, and a veiled warning that opposition from German policymakers would not stand in the way of the governing council acting if need be, pointed towards the launch of bond-buying in the first quarter.
"Taking on board likely further falls in headline HICP (inflation), Draghi's comments give succour to the idea that further policy moves are coming at the next couple of meetings," said London-based Gavin Friend, senior markets strategist at National Australia Bank.
The U.S. dollar index hit a peak of 89.467 <.DXY>, its highest since early March 2009, up 0.86 percent on the day.
The slide in crude oil prices to below $66 a barrel  continued to undermine the Norwegian crown. At one point the dollar advanced 1.75 percent to 7.1793 crowns , its strongest since March 2009. It traded late at 7.1263 crowns, for a 1 percent gain on the day.
(Additional reporting by Richard Leong in New York, Ann Saphir in San Francisco, and Patrick Graham in London.; Editing by Toby Chopra, Jeffrey Benkoe and Meredith Mazzilli)

Sonia  Rahul should speak more; reorganise Congress: Chidambaram'Black money embarrasses individuals, not party'
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 24, 2014
First Published: 19:27 IST(24/10/2014) | Last Updated: 08:57 IST(25/10/2014)
Comments
Amid speculation that the list of names of black money account holders could include a former UPA minister, ex-finance minister P Chidambaram on Friday said such individual transgressions should not embarrass the Congress as the party had not authorised him to keep that account.
“If there is a name of a former minister it will embarrass that person. He is not keeping that account for the party. These are individual transgressions, individual violations of the law, the individual should be embarrassed. Why should the party be embarrassed?” he told NDTV in an interview.
Chidambaram was responding to finance minister Arun Jaitley’s remarks that the Congress will be embarrassed once the names of people holding illicit foreign accounts are made public.
He also reiterated that Congress president Sonia Gandhi and vice-president Rahul Gandhi should “speak more” to the public and the media.
Asked if a non-Gandhi could become the Congress president, he said, “I think so. Someday yes”, but was quick to add, “I do not know” when asked about its timeline.
 Chidambaram also said the reorganisation of the party was due for the larger task of being an “effective, strong, robust and true opposition” to the government.

Will Ukraines new parliament will be more reformistSign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

Contributions to Swach Bharat Kosh & Clean Ganga Fund come under CSR ambitContributions to Swach Bharat Kosh and Clean Ganga Fund come under CSR ambit
PTI Oct 24, 2014, 10.34PM IST
Tags:
Clean Ganga Fund
(While Swach Bharat Kosh is…)
NEW DELHI: Contributions made by corporates towards Swach Bharat Kosh and Clean Ganga Fund will be considered as social welfare spending under the new companies law, according to the government.
Swach Bharat Kosh and Clean Ganga Fund are among the key initiatives unveiled by the Narendra Modi-led government as part of its efforts to ensure cleanliness.
While Swach Bharat Kosh is to attract funds for works to improve sanitation facilities, the Clean Ganga Fund is for pooling money to be used for cleaning up Ganga river.
Certain class of profitable companies are required to shell out at least two per cent of their three-year average annual net profit towards Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) activities. The provision, which is part of the new Companies Act, came into force from April 1.
The Corporate Affairs Ministry, which is implementing the new companies law, has now brought contributions to Swach Bharat Kosh and Clean Ganga Fund under the CSR ambit.
In a notification today, the Ministry has inserted the words 'including contribution to the Swach Bharat Kosh set up by the central government for the promotion of sanitation" in Schedule VII of the Act.
Besides, the words "including contribution to the Clean Ganga Fund set up by the central government for rejuvenation of river Ganga" have been inserted in the Schedule.
Schedule VII of Companies Act, 2013, pertains to CSR activities.
During the day, Modi -- whose government has embarked on a major drive to ensure cleanliness -- tweeted about the topic.
  "Several friends told me that a lot of people cleaned the areas where they burst crackers during Diwali. I congratulate them for the efforts," he said in a tweet.
Meanwhile, as per the new companies law, CSR norms would be applicable to companies having at least Rs 5 crore net profit, or Rs 1,000 crore turnover or Rs 500 crore net worth.
Such companies would need to spend two per cent of their three-year average annual net profit on CSR activities in each financial year, beginning 2014-15 fiscal.
Livelihood enhancement and rural development projects, working towards protection of national heritage, setting up public libraries, promotion and development of traditional arts and handicrafts, are among the activities coming under CSR ambit.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Is the Internets future purely nastyBy Alyssa Rosenberg October 24 Follow @AlyssaRosenberg
The Pew Research Center released a report this week that attempted to take a snapshot of the uglier side of online discourse. I wrote yesterday about the role that online gaming plays in driving the harassment of young men in particular. But I was even more unsettled by another one of the report’s findings: “Harassment occurs among all age groups,” the study’s authors wrote, “but it is especially prevalent among younger adults.”
The entrance to Facebook’s main campus in Menlo Park, Calif. (Robyn Beck/Agence France-Presse via Getty Images)
To ask this question that comes naturally from these results is to risk a bout of kids-these-days-ism. But I will risk it: Is online harassment a phase we grow out of? Or will it be a permanent and growing part of our lives on the Internet?
The Pew researchers, led by Maeve Duggan, found that 40 percent of their 2,839 survey respondents reporting having been harassed, and 73 percent of them had observed the harassment of someone else.
These figures would be disturbing enough on their own. But younger respondents reported higher rates of harassment than older adults did. If younger uses are early adopters of new technologies, should we brace ourselves for online conservations to get uglier?
The differences between young Internet users and adults who go online as a whole are striking. Forty-nine percent of young people surveyed have been called “offensive names” online, compared with 27 percent percent of all adults surveyed. Twenty percent have been threatened with physical harm, though just 8 percent of all adults surveyed have had that experience. And 14 percent of respondents between ages 18 and 29 have experienced sustained harassment online. Only 7 percent of adults overall who were surveyed have been targeted in this way.
Being young and female seems to make you a particular target. Twenty-six percent of female respondents between ages 18 and 24 have been stalked, and 25 percent have experienced online sexual harassment. Those rates of harassment are, respectively, 18 and 19 percentage points higher than those surveyed experienced as a whole.
Online harassment is also concentrated in media that are more popular with younger users. Sixty-six percent of the respondents who reported being harassed said that their attacker’s barbs were delivered via social media, as compared with just 16 percent of users who said that they were harassed through messages sent to their personal e-mail accounts.
“[Social media's] popularity with younger internet users is especially tied to the high incidence of online harassment on social media sites and apps,” Duggan and her colleagues wrote. In other words: It is not social media that makes people cruel. Instead, people in the demographic experiencing the most cruelty are heavy users of social media, so harassment shows up more there than elsewhere.
So what is going on here? It would be the oldest shtick in the columnist’s playbook for me to shove a pair of bifocals up the bridge of my nose and blame the youngsters for the coarsening of our culture. But if what we are witnessing is not so much a prolonged shaking-off of the language of that famous battlefield — the schoolyard — but a permanent, wearied acceptance of new levels of nastiness, that is worthwhile to know.
“Because this is the first time we’ve looked in-depth at this topic, we don’t have any trend data to answer your questions,” Duggan wrote in an e-mail when I asked whether the harassment rates among young Internet users were a harbinger or a phase.
Of course, the Internet is more than a wretched hive of scum and villainy.
Duggan pointed me to a 2011 Pew study of Facebook usage , which concluded that “the typical internet user is more than twice as likely as others to feel that people can be trusted. Further, we found that Facebook users are even more likely to be trusting.” The researchers also found that Facebook was a conduit for so much emotional support that “for Facebook users, the additional boost is equivalent to about half the total support that the average American receives as a result of being married or cohabitating with a partner.”
In the end, it may be that the Internet leaves us more open and vulnerable to the rest of the world, for both good and ill. Venturing online may mean exposing ourselves to the cruelties of strangers. (Most respondents in the most recent study told Pew that the person harassing them was either a complete stranger or that they were unsure of the real identity of their attacker.) Making ourselves available there also gives our friends an easy way to extend kindness to us and to express support when we are being harassed.
Alyssa Rosenberg blogs about pop culture for The Washington Post's Opinions section.

Shiv Sena MPs to attend PM s high tea; will Uddhav and Modi meetComments
Political circles are agog with speculation that PM Narendra Modi and Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray may meet when the former visits Mumbai on Saturday for the inauguration of a private hospital or at New Delhi on Sunday when the PM is hosting a dinner for NDA allies.
However, a Sena leader told PTI that Uddhav will not be attending the dinner on Sunday.
“The event that the PM is hosting is only for the MPs of NDA partners. When Uddhavji is not an MP, where is the question of him being invited? This is not even a question worth asking,” a senior Sena leader told PTI on the condition of anonymity.
 
Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray is greeted at a meeting with newly elected party MLAs at Sena Bhavan in Mumbai. (PTI Photo)
Observers are hoping for a breakthrough on government formation as Sena representatives are expected to officially meet senior BJP leader Rajnath Singh along with state representative JP Nadda in Mumbai.
For now, the Sena is placing its hopes for a fair deal on the talks initiated on Tuesday between senior Sena leaders Anil Desai and Subhash Desai with Union minister Dharmendra Pradhan and BJP MLC Chandrakant Patil.
After bagging 63 seats, a reluctant Sena offered the BJP its support to form the government.
“We have been talking on the lines of getting one-third of the ministries and even the position of the deputy chief minister,” a senior Sena leader said.
For now it looks that the BJP is not too keen to have a big cabinet and would also like to keep plum portfolios like home, finance, urban development, revenue and PWD with them.
This might create a problem in the berth sharing talks between the two.

Ebola patient in New York is stable and talkingBy Mark Berman October 24 Follow @markberman
New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio says a team of disease detectives tracking the movements of a doctor diagnosed with Ebola will soon detail their findings. (AP)
The doctor diagnosed with Ebola on Thursday in Manhattan is in stable condition, authorities say, and is talking to public-health workers as they try to trace his steps in recent days.
Craig Spencer, a doctor who had been caring for Ebola patients in Guinea, returned to New York a week ago. He reported a fever on Thursday morning and was isolated and transported by a special unit wearing personal protective gear.
Even as “disease detectives” work to determine who Spencer may have encountered and check the coffee shops and restaurants he visited, officials stressed that they felt they had the situation contained and urged calm among residents.
“New Yorkers who had not been exposed to an infected person’s bodily fluids are simply not at risk,” New York Mayor Bill de Blasio (D) said during a briefing Friday afternoon. “There is no reason for New Yorkers to change their daily routine in any way.”
Spencer “poses no threat to others,” de Blasio added.
The ongoing treatment for Spencer at Bellevue Hospital involves giving him fluid and electrolytes and monitoring his vital signs, said Ram Raju, head of the city’s Health and Hospitals Corporation. Spencer remains in good enough shape to talk on the phone and tell the disease detectives from the health department about his steps so far this week.
Spencer had “valiantly volunteered to work in Guinea,” Mary Bassett, the New York City health commissioner, said Friday during the same briefing. Since returning, he has been self-monitoring and taking his temperature, first reporting a fever of 100.3 degrees on Thursday morning, she said.
Ebola patients are only contagious when they have symptoms. Even though Spencer had no known symptoms before Thursday morning, Bassett said that authorities are working to trace his every movement since 7 a.m. Tuesday.
Disease detectives with the Health Department have visited and cleared a Blue Bottle Coffee location on the High Line in Manhattan and The Gutter, a bowling alley and bar, in Brooklyn, she said.
A restaurant called the Meatball Shop is still being assessed and is expected to reopen by 6 p.m. if it is cleared, she said.
It is still not known how Spencer contracted the illness, Bassett said. “We may never know how he became infected,” she said.
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, which dispatched a rapid response team to New York late Thursday night, said Friday that it had confirmed the positive Ebola test in its Atlanta laboratory. This followed a separate test conducted in the New York City Health Department’s facility a day earlier.
Because he had originally flown out of Guinea, stopping at Brussels along the way, Spencer was screened at John F. Kennedy International Airport on Oct. 17 using the enhanced screening measures  put into place earlier this month. He had no fever at the time.
Mark Berman is a reporter on the National staff. He runs Post Nation, a destination for breaking news and developing stories from around the country.

Wall St. boosted by earnings; on track for best week of yearWall Street rises for 7th week, but ends off its highs
Reasons to be thankful
US economy keeps looking better despite a surprise drop in consumers confidence
US economy keeps looking better despite a surprise drop in consumers confidence
By Ryan Vlastelica, Reuters
8
Bank stocks and other sectors tied to the pace of growth led on the day, though continued weakness in crude oil weighed on energy shares. While major indexes ended off their highs of the session, both the Dow and S&P closed at records.
The state and city pensions would be solvent now if the state and city had put in there share and this sustained rise in the market.
ch47fixer
125
Payrolls rose by 321,000 in November, way above the 230,000 estimated, while the unemployment rate held steady at 5.8 percent, a six-year low.
The report blew past forecasts, but also raised expectations that a rate hike from the Federal Reserve may materialize sooner than previously thought.
Ronald Sanchez, chief investment officer of Fiduciary Trust Company International in New York, said the number was "unambiguously strong," though it "could mean some changes to policy recommendations with the Fed. June 2015 is back on the table for when rates could rise."
Financials <.SPSY> rose 1 percent as higher interest rates would prop up earnings in the sector. Bank of America  rose 2.7 percent to $17.68 while Goldman Sachs  was up 1.8 percent to $195.45, boosting the Dow.
Utilities <.SPLRCU>, a dividend play, fell 0.8 percent as Treasuries yields rose. Energy <.SPNY> fell 1.2 percent alongside a 1.7 percent drop in crude  prices. Most sectors ended well off their highs of the session.
"The day's market action has to be seen in the context of the recovery we've had year-to-date. Payrolls confirm the strength of the economy, but that strength is reflected in stock prices," said Sanchez, who helps oversee $16 billion in assets.
Separate data showed new orders for U.S. factory goods fell for a third straight month in October, pointing to a slowdown in manufacturing activity.
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> rose 58.69 points, or 0.33 percent, to 17,958.79, the S&P 500 <.SPX> gained 3.45 points, or 0.17 percent, to 2,075.37 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> added 11.32 points, or 0.24 percent, to 4,780.76.
For the week, the Dow rose 0.7 percent and the S&P rose 0.4 percent. It was the seventh straight weekly gain, a streak not seen in a year for both. The Nasdaq fell 0.2 percent on the week.
American Eagle Outfitters  fell 13.8 percent to $11.91 after the teen apparel retailer forecast a current-quarter profit below analysts' estimates and reported its fifth straight drop in quarterly income.
About 5.81 billion shares traded on all U.S. platforms, according to BATS exchange data.
NYSE advancers outnumbered decliners 1,614 to 1,480, for a 1.09-to-1 ratio; on the Nasdaq, 1,809 issues rose and 927 fell, for a 1.95-to-1 ratio favoring advancers.
The S&P 500 posted 98 new 52-week highs and 10 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 168 new highs and 93 new lows.
(Editing by Nick Zieminski)

Crude oil reverses overnight gains as Ebola concerns weighCrude oil reverses overnight gains as Ebola concerns weigh
Dave Thomas named Adidas India MDDave Thomas named Adidas India MD
See Where Most Indian Billionaires Graduated FromSee Where Most Indian Billionaires Graduated From
Jaitley has moved from black money to blackmail: ChidambaramJaitley has moved from black money to blackmail: Chidambaram
BS Reporter | New Delhi Oct 25, 2014 12:04 AM IST
Congress leader P Chidambaram on Friday termed as “blackmail” his Finance Minister Arun Jaitley’s comment that revealing the names of those who had stashed black money in foreign banks would embarrass the Congress. “I don’t expect Arun Jaitley to make a trivial comment. He’s the finance minister of India. He’s not likely to make a trivial comment, but I think the purpose of that comment was to move from black money to what a friend of mine said ‘blackmail’,” Chidambaram said in an interview to NDTV.
He claimed much of the work on the issue of black money was done by the United Progressive Alliance (UPA) government, while the Narendra Modi-led National Democratic Alliance (NDA) government was reaping the rewards.
Chidambaram said the NDA government’s affidavit filed in the Supreme Court on the issue of black money “clearly was a U-turn on the position the BJP (Bharatiya Janata Party) had taken”. He recounted how the BJP had criticised it when the UPA government had told the court under bilateral agreements, India couldn’t be asked to disclose the names until charges were filed or prosecution was launched. “In fact, I remember a statement by then (prime ministerial) candidate Narendra Modi on February 17, when he said the finance minister was paying lip service to the cause and that when he came to power, they would disclose the names and bring back the black money in 100 days. So, nobody got the BJP wrong. The BJP does not have the grace to admit it did a U-turn, but that’s for the people to judge.”
He said the NDA government’s position in court, as well as that of the UPA government, was “the only right position you can take if you don’t want to jeopardise your bilateral treaties”. The former finance minister also faulted the claim of his successor, Jaitley, that the UPA government hadn’t disclosed any names. “We disclosed 18 names to the Supreme Court and the court asked us to give those names to (lawyer) Jethamalani…those names were given to Jethamalani. Those are the only cases where prosecution or charges have been launched,” he said.
He added it was because of his efforts that the G20 final declaration had a paragraph on sharing information, specifically directed towards Switzerland and similar tax havens. “In fact, the Swiss, who usually attend the summit by invitation, conveniently absented themselves in the last meeting,” he said.
An order on constituting an SIT (special investigation team) on the issue was passed by the Supreme Court on May 1, he said, adding after the elections, he had told his officers a decision on this must be left to the next government. Chidambaram also claimed he hadn’t seen the list of people with foreign bank accounts. “I did not ask to see, nor was I shown, the names. So, I don’t know the names there. But if there is a name of a former minister, it will embarrass that person,” he said, adding these were individual transgressions, individual violations of the law. “The individual should be embarrassed, why should the party be embarrassed?” he asked.
The Congress leader refused to comment on the land deals of Robert Vadra, Congress chief Sonia Gandhi’s son-in-law. On whether Vadra’s land deals created a perception problem for the party, he said, “Maybe it did. I don’t know”
Chidambaram said the UPA government had started the process of deregulating diesel, apart from its last step of making it market-priced. On the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme (MGNREGA), he said he “seriously question(ed), and I strongly criticise, this issue of the government that it will consign it to 200 backward districts. I’ll tell you why. MGNREGA was not a programme to eliminate backwardness. It was a programme to eliminate hunger. There are hungry people in backward districts. There are people who will go hungry in the so-called non-backward districts. Now, you are missing the central purpose of MGREGA.”
On the Congress party leadership, he said he “would urge the Congress president (Sonia Gandhi) or vice-president (Rahul Gandhi) to speak more. I would urge them to come and address more rallies or urge them to meet the media”. He said Sonia Gandhi and Rahul were the most acceptable leaders in the Congress. “That doesn’t mean other leaders cannot or should not emerge. This is a large country. This is the country with 26 states. There must be other leaders who would emerge, firstly at the state level, and then at the national level,” he said.
On whether someone not from the Gandhi family could be Congress president, he said, “I think so. Someday, yes.”

If Rs 745 cr is flood relief for J&K  its not enough:CMAbdullah said no foreign government has offered help till date.
Written by Muzamil Jaleel | New Delhi | Posted: October 25, 2014 12:49 am
Jammu and Kashmir Chief Minister Omar Abdullah has said no international aid to help the flood-ravaged state has been rejected by the government.
He said it is early to say whether Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s Diwali visit was a “meaningful gesture or not” and “if symbolism is all we get, then it is of no use but if his meeting with people helps clear the picture about the extent of damage caused by the floods and the need for a substantial central assistance, then it is good”.
Speaking to The Indian Express, Abdullah said no foreign government has offered help till date. “There are only two international organisations — World Bank and Asian Development Bank — who want to get involved,’’ he said.
He said any international aid has to be routed through NGOs that have foreign remittance registration.
When asked whether the government will accept aid offer from Islamabad, he said that is a bit complicated and then such a decision has to be taken by the Centre. “I presume these things work on reciprocity and they had recently turned down our aid offer,’’ he said. Abdullah said the government is organising duty exemption on the equipment that are being donated. “It is being done on case-to-case basis. We are also giving full state tax exemption on donated stuff.”
Referring to the financial assistance of Rs 745 crore announced by Modi during his Diwali visit to the state, the Chief Minister said if that is the Centre’s relief package to the flood ravaged state then it is far less than expected and inadequate. “If this is all we get, then I am not fine,’’ he said. “But I will give them (Centre) a benefit of doubt. They have not rejected the request for the relief package that we have submitted. They haven’t said how much they are going to accept as yet,’’ he said. The J&K government has made a request for a flood relief package of Rs 44,000 crore to help rebuild the ravaged infrastructure and homes.
Abdullah said the Centre hasn’t communicated to his government as to when would they take a decision regarding their request for the package. He said his government will also need to clarify what PM Modi meant when he said that the Rs 175 crore granted for helping the devastated infrastructure of the hospitals will be given to hospitals in Jammu and Leh. “That’s a bit misleading because the hospitals in Jammu city and Leh were not hit by the floods. I don’t know which six hospitals he was referring to. Our four main hospitals in Srinagar — SMHS Hospital, Bones and Joints, GB Pant Children Hospital and SKIMS Hospital in Bemina — have been damaged in the floods. The loss is around Rs 400 crore in these hospitals,’’ he said. “The hospitals in Jammu city and Leh continued…

Student wounds six  kills self in US school shooting:reportsPrint
Police and sheriff vehicles are parked in the driveway of Marysville Pilchuck High School in Marysville, Wash., Friday, Oct. 24, 2014, the afternoon after a morning shooting in the school's cafeteria. (Source: AP)
By: Press Trust of India | Los Angeles | Posted: October 25, 2014 12:45 am | Updated: October 25, 2014 10:11 am
In yet another tragic shooting in a US school, a student opened fire in a school cafeteria, killing one student and critically injuring four others before taking his own life, police said.
The shooting occurred on Friday in the cafeteria of Marysville-Pilchuck High School, 55km north of Seattle in Washington State.
The shooter was identified as Jaylen Fryberg, who was recently named the school’s homecoming prince. He shot himself and died, the police said. Eyewitness said the shooting began from cafeteria. Before turning the gun onto him, Fryberg killed one girl student. Two other girls and two boys were wounded. The injured were taken to a nearby hospital.
The four injured, including two cousins of the gunman, were shot in the head, the BBC reported.
Hundreds gathered at The Grove Church in Marysville, Wash., in the evening for a vigil to honor victims of a shooting at Marysville-Pilchuck High School on Friday, Oct. 24, 2014. (Source: AP)
Zach Yarbrough, a junior, told the local Seattle Times that he saw the shooter “extend his arm across a round table and fire his gun three to four times.” He watched the shootings but didn’t see what happened afterward because he “was already out of the cafeteria.”
One of the injured students, Jarron Webb, 15, said the shooter was angry about a romantic relationship he was involved in, and that the girl was one of the people shot. He said he believes one of the victims was his friend since kindergarten, the daily reported.
According to CNN, the shooter used the gun of his father. It is a “high capacity” weapon, the channel reported.
The school was locked down after the gunshots in the building, the school district said.
The FBI is sending its personnel to assist local officials in investigation.
This was the second shooting incident in a school in the region this year.

Big bulls say time to buybig bulls say time to buy
Amazon on track for largest annual loss in 12 yearsAmazon on track for largest annual loss in 12 years
Amit Agarwal: The logical salesmanAmit Agarwal: The logical salesman
PM Modis Siachen visit a masterstroke: Analysts  observersComments
Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s visit to Siachen, the world’s highest battlefield, was a strategic step that went beyond bonding with Indians soldiers to also send a message to Pakistan amid escalating tensions between the nuclear armed rivals, analysts and political observers say.
  
Play Pause
Prime Minister Narendra Modi shares sweets with the officers and jawans of Indian Armed Forces during his visit to Siachen on the occasion of Diwali. (PTI photo)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi is greeted by Jammu and Kashmir chief minister Omar Abdullah as Jammu and Kashmir governor NN Vohra looks on at Srinagar Airport. (AFP photo)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi looks at a military dog as he interacts with Army officers and soldiers at a base camp during his visit to Siachen, in this handout photo ...
Prime minister Narendra Modi interacts with the Army officers and soldiers at a base camp during his visit to Siachen. (PTI photo)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi is received on his arrival at Siachen Base Camp. Army chief Gen Dalbir Singh is also seen. (PTI photo)
Paramilitary soldiers stand guard as Kashmiri women walk on a street in Srinagar. Shops and businesses remained closed in Kashmir due to a separatist sponsored strike to protest a visit ...
Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) leaders and workers shout pro-Modi slogans during a welcome rally ahead of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's arrival in Srinagar to celebrate Diwali with the flood victims ...
A paramilitary trooper stands guard in front of a shuttered shop during a one-day strike called by Kashmiri separatists protesting against Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi's visit to the region, ...
Activists and supporters of Bharatiya Janta Party shout slogans as they try to march toward the governor's house to welcome Prime Minister Narendra Modi in Srinagar.
Activists and supporters of ruling Bharatiya Janta Party celebrate as they try to march toward the governor's house to welcome Prime Minister Narendra Modi in Srinagar. (HT photo)
Policemen try to stop activists and supporters of ruling Bharatiya Janta Party as they try to march towards the governor's house to welcome Prime Minister Narendra Modi in Srinagar. (HT ...
India and Pakistan have faced off on the inhospitable terrain since 1984 and have long accepted the need to demilitarise Siachen, but still have not arrived at a solution that would allow them to pull out troops from the mountainous region that lies at about 20,000 feet above sea level.
Modi’s visit to Siachen on Diwali was the first by a PM in nine years. Modi’s predecessor, Manmohan Singh, visited the glacier in 2005 when he called to make Siachen an “abode of peace” between India and Pakistan.
“It is a masterstroke to spend the Diwali with soldiers in Siachen. Not only did he take this opportunity to bond with soldiers in far-flung areas but it was also a stern message to Pakistan that had, in recent times, tried to disturb the peace along the Line of Control,” said a senior bureaucrat.
Read: Modi’s flood-relief package draws flak from Kashmir political parties
Military analysts said the visit was in line with the stand of the BJP, which has in the past cautioned against any “settlement” over the Siachen glacier so that Pakistan does not get any terrain advantage to re-occupy the strategic heights.
“There is certain political subtext of this visit. Any visit of a PM to Siachen is of immense importance. This tour also plays well with the BJP’s narrative of showcasing its commitment to the national cause,” Commodore C Uday Bhaskar, Director, Society for Policy Studies, told HT.
Top sources added the trip was not a one-off event but Modi was likely to spend holidays with the army in future.
“It further showcases his government dedication and re-establishes India’s authority over the entire area,” said an official.

Black money embarrassment for individual  not party: Chidambaram'Black money embarrasses individuals, not party'
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 24, 2014
First Published: 19:27 IST(24/10/2014) | Last Updated: 08:57 IST(25/10/2014)
Comments
Amid speculation that the list of names of black money account holders could include a former UPA minister, ex-finance minister P Chidambaram on Friday said such individual transgressions should not embarrass the Congress as the party had not authorised him to keep that account.
“If there is a name of a former minister it will embarrass that person. He is not keeping that account for the party. These are individual transgressions, individual violations of the law, the individual should be embarrassed. Why should the party be embarrassed?” he told NDTV in an interview.
Chidambaram was responding to finance minister Arun Jaitley’s remarks that the Congress will be embarrassed once the names of people holding illicit foreign accounts are made public.
He also reiterated that Congress president Sonia Gandhi and vice-president Rahul Gandhi should “speak more” to the public and the media.
Asked if a non-Gandhi could become the Congress president, he said, “I think so. Someday yes”, but was quick to add, “I do not know” when asked about its timeline.
 Chidambaram also said the reorganisation of the party was due for the larger task of being an “effective, strong, robust and true opposition” to the government.

Godse should have killed Nehru  says Kesari editGodse should have killed Nehru, says Kesari edit
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  Thiruvananthapuram, October 25, 2014
First Published: 00:03 IST(25/10/2014) | Last Updated: 00:10 IST(25/10/2014)
Comments
 The RSS mouthpiece in Kerala ‘Kesari’  has stirred a hornet’s nest carrying a controversial article written by a BJP leader suggesting that Nathuram Godse should have killed Jawaharlal Nehru instead of Mahatma Gandhi.
Written by B Goplakrishnan, who unsuccessfully contested as a BJP candidate in the last LS poll, claimed that Nehru was very selfish and he was responsible for many of the problems the country faces even after seven decades of independence. He also wrote ‘how Nehru clinically eliminated Gandhi at the last round of talks with the British to serve his selfish ends’.
According to the author Nehru just wanted Gandhi’s ‘khadi and cap’ as the symbol of the Indian National Congress. When Gandhiji said after independence that the mission of the Congress was over he ridiculed the father of the nation, he claimed.
 Upset, Congress has slammed the story and called it disgusting. “It is time people understand the true face of the RSS-BJP combine,” said party spokesman Manu Abhishek Singvi in Delhi. State Congress leaders said they would take legal action to expose the BJP leader.
However, Goplakrishnan has defended his story saying he wrote only history not fiction. BJP and RSS leaders are yet to react to the story.

Landowners sue over fracking delayLandowners sue over fracking delay
Aerial pictures of oil rigs and fracking sites
Zbigniew Bzdak / Chicago Tribune
Aerial pictures of oil rigs and fracking sites near Williston, which is in the middle of the oil boom territory of North Dakota on March 14, 2013.
Aerial pictures of oil rigs and fracking sites near Williston, which is in the middle of the oil boom territory of North Dakota on March 14, 2013. (Zbigniew Bzdak / Chicago Tribune)
Courts and the Judiciary Conservation Natural Resources Energy Resources Christianity Executive Branch
Lawsuit: Fracking delay unconstitutional
Amy Pollard is one of thousands of landowners in southern Illinois who leased land to oil drillers two years ago for horizontal hydraulic fracturing. By now, she thought the money and the oil would be flowing.
But on Tuesday, Marc Miller, head of the Illinois Department of Natural Resources, testified that the agency would not issue fracking permits until rules governing fracking are codified.
On Wednesday, Pollard and a dozen other landowners filed suit against Miller and Gov. Pat Quinn in Wayne County Circuit Court, saying the state's delay in issuing fracking permits is akin to an illegal land grab.
“The failure ... to issue permits for horizontal drilling and hydraulic fracturing is a taking of property without just compensation,” the lawsuit said.
Chris Young, a spokesman for the Department of Natural Resources, declined to comment on the lawsuit and said the agency is continuing to work through the rule-making process.
Quinn's office did not immediately return a request for comment.
The state has been working to codify rules that regulate fracking after legislators passed a plan in May 2013. A committee responsible for reviewing those rules must approve them by Nov. 15, or the rule-making process starts over.
In the interim, the Department of Natural Resources has said it will not issue permits for fracking absent a court order.
The energy industry uses fracking to extract oil or gas from rock by injecting high-pressure mixtures of water, sand or gravel and chemicals.
8
Rod Taylor, an Indianapolis-based attorney representing the landowners in the lawsuit, told the Tribune that some energy firms that planned to drill in the New Albany shale formation, believed to have rich deposits of oil and gas, have abandoned Illinois because they couldn't get drilling permits.
“What happened was the state of Illinois slammed the door on permits for horizontal drilling and hydraulic fracturing,” Taylor said.
He argued that the state essentially has “condemned a portion of the New Albany shale” as if it were seized through an eminent domain procedure without compensation.
The legal argument being used is called “inverse condemnation.” It's the idea that regulation of a property's use has gone “too far,” depriving the owner of a property's value or utility. The precedent for such an argument was established in a 1922 U.S. Supreme Court Case, Pennsylvania Coal Co. v. Mahon.
Taylor said that because the state won't issue permits for fracking, which is not illegal in the state, landowners have lost the right to sell that land for other purposes.
Pollard, of Wayne County, said she is concerned that her four-year lease will expire before oil and gas drilling can begin.
She owns a title searching firm whose business quadrupled three years ago when negotiators for mineral rights from 10 companies descended on the area.
“They've paid out money on all these leases, and in order to renew those, they'd have to pay those landowners again,” Pollard said. “I don't think they're willing to do that.”
Meanwhile, landowners are frustrated, she said.
“Our land has been tied up with these leases; so we can't do anything else with it,” Pollard said.
Taylor said people in Wayne County are desperate for the jobs and tax dollars that would come from fracking.
“We've only got about three things going for us,” Taylor said of Wayne County. “Great people, good land, and oil and gas.”
cComments
In my opinion, Amy is an idiot without a soul for volunteering her land for pollution. I'm glad permits aren't being issued. Especially since the inadequate rules that have been written this far give all the advantage to the oil companies, with extremely low fines if the rules are...
mzdybel1
17
The suit seeks compensatory damages exceeding $50,000 per landowner, along with other relief for a class that Taylor believes will balloon to more than 1,000 landowners.
Steve Robinson, an alderman in the county seat of Fairfield, said many businesses have moved away and people are commuting to jobs far away.
“It would help the community tremendously if we could get more jobs.”
Mark Sooter, manager of business development for Woolsey Energy, confirmed that the company planned to build a $2 million headquarters in Fairfield, but this is now on hold.
That doesn't mean the company is pulling out of Illinois, he said, but it “didn't think it would be prudent at this point to go ahead and spend that capital.” The company, he said, spent millions of dollars on surveys, drilling test wells and procuring leases.
Wayne Woolsey, owner of the company, said, “What we're doing is we're kind of slowing down until someone in the political scenario does a little work.”
He said they've been “delayed considerably,” and the company leased 50,000 acres in Wayne county alone.
If the rules as drafted passed, Sooter said the company most likely will leave the state. He called the draft “outrageous” and said “there were a lot of things added to the rules that were not part of the legislation.” He said the draft rules would make it “impossible for operators to file for a permit.”
Seth Whitehead, Illinois field director for Energy in Depth, a public relations arm of the Independent Petroleum Association of America, said tensions are running high in southern Illinois. Some people, he said, are “bitterly angry” over the delay.
Whitehead said hundreds of people showed up at the first of three meetings sponsored by his group. He expects another 600 next week when a pro-fracking coalition, called O.IL (Opportunity In Land) hosts a meeting at 7 p.m. Tuesday at First Christian Church in Fairfield.
The rules were on the agenda Tuesday of the 12-member Joint Committee on Administrative Rules, but the committee deferred action until Nov. 6.
Oil and gas drillers have mostly held off on fracking in anticipation that regulations would pass.
Environmental groups who want to block fracking say they are seeking clarity on whether oil and gas drillers could begin fracking if the committee fails to adopt the rules next month.
The rules have not been without controversy, with one side saying the regulations overstep the bounds of the law while others say they are too loose.
The rules try to incorporate the more than 30,000 comments that the Department of Natural Resources got about its first draft from all sides of the issue into a final set of regulations.
jwernau@tribune.com

HBO Going Rogue Could Get Us To Net Neutralityreddit
Recently, a couple of cable content providers have announced that they're going rogue and are going to start providing content independently of cable companies. That's good news for consumers who have, until now, been at the mercy of companies such as Comcast and Time Warner. It might also be good news for proponents of Net Neutrality , who have been waging an uphill battle for internet data and traffic equality.
The rest of this post assumes that the reader is familiar with the finer points of Net Neutrality, if that's not the case, you can read more about it here and here , but in a nutshell, it's the idea that Internet service providers (ISPs) should treat all data that travels over their networks equally. The other possible scenario being that ISPs would be allowed to slow down, or "throttle" data transfer from certain sites at their discretion. For example, an ISP could decide they didn't want their customers visiting sites of a particular political party, movie actor, author, store, etc. and slow down speeds significantly resulting in the site taking too long to come up.
That said, HBO announced last week that it will be offering its HBO Go service to viewers who don't have a TV/cable subscription in 2015 -- a stand-alone streaming service. HBO CEO Richard Plepler made the announcement recently saying:
That is a large and growing opportunity that should no longer be left untapped. It is time to remove all barriers to those who want HBO. So, in 2015, we will launch a stand-alone, over-the-top, HBO service in the United States.
This means that popular shows such as Game Of Thrones, the most pirated TV show in history , will be available to you regardless of your cable plan. HBO's move makes sense. According to Entertainment Weekly :
[HBO] officially condemns theft, yet also recognizes that Thrones is an enormous hit, that content leakage is tough to prevent and that the show's popularity among pirates is inevitable (countries such as Australia, where viewers don't receive new episodes via pay cable in a timely manner, tend to be among the biggest piracy territories).
Michael Lombardo, HBO's programming president also told Entertainment Weekly that the downloading was a "compliment of sorts," adding, "the demand is there. And it certainly didn't negatively impact the DVD sales. [Piracy is] something that comes along with having a wildly successful show on a subscription network."
So why not offer a paid subscription service and minimize piracy? Netflix has more than 37 million subscribers in the US who watch and average of 90 minutes of programming every day; 47 percent of American households subscribe to Netflix, Hulu, Amazon Prime Instant or a combination thereof; nearly 50 percent have a TV connected to the internet; and 34 percent watch online videos every day. That's a lot of potential customers. Netflix's model of eight dollars per month has worked so far and frankly, with the exception of Orange is the New Black and House of Cards, the content isn't that great.
The day after HBO's announcement, CBS announced their own "cord cutter" service . For $6 per month, you can live stream CBS programs, get next-day access to current shows on mobile devices, and access an archive of past shows and classics from the network.
Up until now, the only way to get HBO, has been through a provider such as Comcast or Time Warner. The prices vary by region and it's difficult to determine an overall or average cost across the country. If you want HBO from Comcast you'll have to buy a bundle that includes other "premium channels" you probably don't want.
According to hbowatch.com , the price of an HBO subscription, averaged over seven providers, runs about $16/month. Feel free to correct me in the comment section below, but even at $10 per month a streaming service from HBO would be a bargain.
Of the hundreds of channels available to me on my TV I probably only watch a half dozen, of which two are premium and the rest, I could care less. Looking at $60 per month, as opposed to the nearly $150 I spend now is certainly more attractive.
As for the technology, most laptops and tablets are equipped with a micro USB port to play streaming video on most flat screens; Google Chromecast integrates with Netflix and YouTube so far; and gadgets such as the soon to be released Nexus Player and Apple's AirPlay are going to make streaming content more accessible and easy to use.
America lags behind many countries when it comes to the kind of world class network we should have. In terms of speed and access America trails Sweden, Estonia, Korea, Hong Kong, Japan, to name but a few. As for price? According to an article on HuffPost :
Comcast, the nation's largest cable provider, claims it's capable of providing 3Gbps broadband -- but its fastest service currently on the market is $320 a month for 305Mbps. Verizon, meanwhile, has just announced its fastest FiOS ever, 500Mbps for $310 a month. Compare that to Hong Kong, where consumers can get 500Mbps for $25 a month, or Seoul, where the same speed is priced at $30 a month. Only Google Fiber's broadband plan seems competitive with those of other tech-savvy nations: It offers 1Gbps for $70 a month, which is only outpaced by Japan's proposed Nuro network with speeds of up to 2Gbps for $51 a month.
Many countries view internet access as a utility and almost a necessity. In Sweden, for example, people pay about $30 per month for gigabit access as opposed to our ten megabits per second or less. Sweden, Japan, Hong Kong and many European destinations offer connections nearly 100 times faster at lower rates. In America, we're arguing over Net Neutrality that could allow service providers Comcast, Time Warner and others to "throttle" internet speeds and charge content providers and customers more for "high speed lanes." Movie watchers, music lovers, gamers, etc. would all be affected if Congress and the FCC allowed what are essentially monopolies to set their own speeds and prices. Want to play a game with your friends? More money. Want to watch a movie without having to watch that little hourglass every five minutes? More money. How about this article? Are you old enough to remember when a page with this much content and images could take 10-15 minutes to load? For those of you too young to have had this experience and the exercise in patience it required, here's a video .
In an interview for Vox.com with Ezra Klein , Susan Crawford, former Special Assistant to President Obama on Science, Technology and Innovation Policy, had this to say about how the internet is too important to be left to the private market:
What happens is that we deregulated this entire sector about 10 years ago and the cable guys already had exclusive franchises across the country. They were able to very inexpensively upgrade those to pretty high-speed internet access connections. Meanwhile the telephone companies have totally withdrawn. They have copper line in the ground and it's expensive for them to build and replace it with fiber. Because of both deregulation and sweeping consolidation in the cable industry we've ended up on this plateau where for about 80 percent of Americans their only choice for a high-capacity internet access connection is their local cable monopoly.
It wasn't that long ago (less than 20 years) that a cable bill was under $50 per month . The rates have risen faster than inflation and certainly faster than income.
Last June, the Supreme Court reversed a lower court decision to allow a startup, Aereo , that was streaming live TV to computers, tablets, and smartphones using tiny antennae that grabbed over-the-air broadcasts. The traditional broadcasters sued Aereo out of existence, because they know that if the startup had actually succeeded, they would have a harder time hitting the cable companies with high retransmission fees -- which add to cable bills and help keep the whole industry afloat.
Chet Kanojia, Aereo's founder and chief executive, called it a "massive setback" for consumers and "sends a chilling message to the technology industry."
What may hopefully end up happening here is that as more content providers like HBO and CBS go rogue and offer their own content to viewers they'll have a say in what the backbone, i.e. Comcast and Time Warner, can do to that content and the speed at which it arrives to consumers.
The average Joe doesn't have much of a voice these days in what lawmakers are deciding. We can't afford lobbyists to speak on our behalf. HBO, CBS, Showtime, Netflix, Amazon and the rest have more than enough money to lobby for Net Neutrality -- it ultimately affects their bottom line. As strange as this may seem, this could end up being a rare case of what passes for Capitalism in this country actually working for average people.
Read more at NowItCounts
Follow Richard Zombeck on Twitter: www.twitter.com/zombeck
More:

6 Takeaways from Marvels Age of Ultron trailer“Age of Ultron” art. (Courtesy of Marvel Entertainment)
 
THE AGE of Ultron is here.
The first trailer for “Avengers: Age of Ultron,” the sequel to the highest-grossing superhero movie ever, made a whale of an online debut come midweek — first being leaked, then with Marvel Entertainment offering the official trailer.
Whether Marvel planned to release the trailer so soon — or whether this was just a response to the leaks (which were taken down quickly) — remains to be seen, but fans of comic-book cinema were treated to the first look at the next adventure of Earth’s mightiest heroes.
Ultron tries to tear apart Captain America, Iron Man, Thor and the rest of the world in the first official teaser trailer for Marvel's "Avengers: Age of Ultron," in theaters May 1, 2015. (Marvel Entertainment)
Here are Comic Riffs’ 6 takeaways from the “Age of Ultron” trailer:
1. Ultra-words
Given the title, it was only right that the trailer begins with words from the titular villain, as spoken by James Spader, who provides the technologically enhanced chops for Ultron, one of the Avengers’ greatest foes in the books. Let’s see what Ultron has to say:
I’m going to show you something beautiful.
Everyone screaming for mercy.
You want to protect the world, but you don’t want to change it.
You’re all puppets. Tangled in strings.
Reading those words in print does their impact in the trailer no justice. Just listen to Spader: He sounds not only self-assured, but downright menacing. And judging from all the (requisite) destruction, it looks as though we’ll be getting a battle much bigger than the Avengers’ previous bout in New York. This time, it looks like the fight is on a much more global scale.
2. Armored beginnings
Our first look at Ultron is not his final form — that comes later in the trailer, and is it ever epic. It looks as though the Avengers are having a nice little get-together when what looks like banged-up Iron Man armor starts walking and talking. Tony/Robert Downey Jr. has an expression on his face as if to say: “That’s not what that thing is supposed to do.”
Just how responsible is Tony for Ultron’s existence? Is Ultron a result of the egotistic Stark’s not taking into account the danger of his own intelligence? Does Ultron have the intellectual upper hand against the armored Avenger?
3. Ultron and the twins
Ah, yes. The twins. Remember them? Quicksilver (Aaron Taylor-Johnson) and the Scarlet Witch (Elizabeth Olsen) made their first appearance in the Marvel movie universe in the Easter-egg scene at the end of “Captain America: The Winter Soldier.” When we first see them in “AOU,” they’re walking slowly behind Ultron. Are they bad guys to start off? And if so, will they be against the Avengers the entire movie? Will they be Avengers by the end of it? Can Marvel’s Quicksilver top the scene-stealing performance of the “X-Men: Days of Future Past’s” Quicksilver (Evan Peters)?
4. Who you gonna call? Hulkbusters.
Yes, that is indeed Hulkbuster armor you’re seeing, meaning that Tony will be going up against the guy who, in the first “Avengers,” he seemed to like the most — Bruce Banner/the Incredible Hulk (Mark Ruffalo). We were treated to a fun-tastic sparring match between the Hulk and Thor in the first Avengers film. From the looks of it, the Hulkbuster armor holds up well against the strongest there is in the Marvel universe (except perhaps for when the Hulk throws cars at Tony — and then runs through the cars).
5. A call to war?
With the recent news that Downey could be starring in “Captain America 3,” and that the next Cap movie could be based on Marvel Comics’ “Civil War,” it looks as though we might get a prelude to that war in “Age of Ultron.” Tony Stark looks like a man who has lost faith in what he believed in. “It’s the end — the end of the path I started us on,” Stark says. We then see Thor (Chris Hemsworth) lifting an armor-less Stark up by his neck with one hand. Will divisions form among the team starting with “Age of Ultron?”
6. No strings attached
“There are no strings on me.” These words end the trailer, giving us a look at a fully formed, extremely dangerous-looking Ultron, who seems to command any situation he’s in. No matter what Ultron used to be, he wants to make it absolutely clear that he’s in charge now.

U.S. new home sales at six-year high; recovery still fragileU.S. pending home sales post surprise drop in October
An advertisement for a reduced price is seen outside of a home for sale in Dallas
Jessica Rinaldi Reuters,
0
Economists polled by Reuters had forecast pending home sales rising 0.5 percent last month. These contracts become sales after a month or two. Contracts rose in the Northeast, but fell in the South, West and Midwest.
Compared to October of last year, contracts were up 2.2 percent. The level of contracts signed in September was revised slightly higher.
(Reporting by Jason Lange; Editing by Paul Simao)

FT Data: Growth of streamingAbout this blog
Blog guide
Welcome. FT data is a collaborative effort from journalists across the FT working in data journalism, statistics and data visualisation.
We aim to look at statistical issues in depth and provide original analysis of data. Occasionally we’ll also post guest contributions. Get in touch at ftdata@ft.com

Patrick Pouyann  French oil giants new chiefOctober 24, 2014 5:51 pm
Patrick Pouyanné, the Total package
Michael Stothard and Guy Chazan
French oil company’s new chief is a forceful presence and tough boss
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9020bc00-5a11-11e4-be86-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Think tank set up to advise govt on IPRThink tank set up to advise govt on IPR
Brussels demands budget surcharge© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0f8df0c2-5b64-11e4-b68a-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Former CNBC reporter Terry Keenan dies at 53former cnbc reporter terry keenan dies at 53
Couer dAlene apparently changes stance  agrees that for-profit chapel need not perform same-sex weddingsBy Eugene Volokh October 24 Follow @volokhc
As I noted Wednesday , the Couer d’Alene City Attorney concluded that for-profit chapels were covered by the city ban on sexual orientation discrimination: “if they are providing services primarily or substantially for profit and they discriminate in providing those services based on sexual orientation then they would likely be in violation of the ordinance.” But Boise State Public Radio (Jessica Robinson) reports that the city has apparently changed its position:
The city of Coeur d’Alene, Idaho, said a for-profit wedding chapel owned by two ministers doesn’t have to perform same-sex marriages….
[City Attorney Michael] Gridley said after further review, he determined the ordinance doesn’t specify non-profit or for-profit.
“After we’ve looked at this some more, we have come to the conclusion they would be exempt from our ordinance because they are a religious corporation,” Gridley explained.
The Knapps’ lawyer reports that “the Knapps have been contacted by the police about a complaint filed on Thursday by a same-sex couple who were turned away at the Old West themed chapel,” but presumably — given the new stance — the City will refuse to prosecute. (The ordinance doesn’t allow private lawsuits, only prosecutions.)
The Kootenai County Task Force on Human Relations , which (according to Boise State Public Radio) helped create the ordinance agrees, quoting unnamed constitutional experts: “When they are performing a religious activity like marrying people, ministers have the right to choose which marriages they will solemnize. That’s why we don’t think the public accommodation law applies to ministers making choices about performing marriages. So, if the only service offered is a religious wedding ceremony performed by a minister, then the law would not apply.”
As I’ve argued before , I think more than just religious freedom is at stake here — the Free Speech Clause protects the right not to participate in verbal ceremonies, whether religious or otherwise, and whether they are pledges of allegiance (even ones without “under God”) or the conducting of wedding vows (even ones that are secular). A secular freelance writer, for instance, has a Free Speech Clause right to refuse to write news releases for religious groups that he disapproves of (even if he generally takes commissions from the public), or articles praising ceremonies that he disapproves of. Likewise, a wedding officiant has a Free Speech Clause right to refuse to lead wedding ceremonies that he disapproves of. But at least I’m glad that, in this instance, the city has agreed that the ordinance doesn’t apply.
Eugene Volokh teaches free speech law, religious freedom law, church-state relations law, a First Amendment Amicus Brief Clinic, and tort law, at UCLA School of Law, where he has also often taught copyright law, criminal law, and a seminar on firearms regulation policy.

Euro zone risks "relapse into recession" without structural reforms  says ECB s DraghiEuro zone risks "relapse into recession" without structural reforms  says ECB s Draghi
AbbVie says tax rule changes scuttled deal for Shire0
By merging with a foreign drugmaker, U.S. companies could shift their legal address overseas and lower their tax bills. An inversion also allows U.S. companies to tap cash accumulated abroad without paying a 35 percent tax to the U.S. Treasury on the proceeds. Stockholders generally love inversions because companies can use the savings to buy back stock, increase dividends or invest in growth opportunities.
Inversions have become so popular that the rest of corporate America has taken notice.
Deerfield-based Walgreen, urged on by large stockholders, considered the maneuver as the company looked to complete its merger with a U.K.-based drugstore chain. Walgreen decided not to do an inversion.
The surge of U.S. corporations looking to incorporate in England, Ireland and other low-tax jurisdictions, however, stirred up a national economic and political debate this summer. Sen. Dick Durbin of Illinois is one of the biggest critics. He has argued that it wasn't morally right for companies that rely on U.S. taxpayer-funded programs to not pay their fair share of taxes.
Despite the burgeoning controversy, Gonzalez pursued Shire, which makes drugs to treat attention-deficit disorder and rare diseases. Shire rejected several bids from AbbVie before agreeing in July to a cash and stock offer that valued the company at about 53 British pounds per share, 53 percent more than the price of the company's shares in early May when AbbVie made its initial proposal.
AbbVie said at the time of the merger agreement that the deal would cut its effective tax rate to 13 percent from 22 percent by 2016.
Meanwhile, legislation to curb inversions gained little traction in Congress this summer. But Durbin and other critics urged President Barack Obama to use his executive authority to reduce or eliminate tax breaks for companies that shift their legal headquarters overseas while maintaining most of their operations in the U.S.
The Treasury Department's guidelines, which took effect immediately, cracked down on complicated transactions, such as internal loans and stock purchases, that multinational companies use to reduce the taxes they owe in the United States.
The new rules didn't initially appear to faze AbbVie. But late Tuesday, the company disclosed that its board planned to reconsider the deal in light of the new tax rules, sending Shire shares tumbling 22 percent Wednesday in London trading.
Shire responded by releasing a statement Wednesday morning urging AbbVie to proceed with the deal. But AbbVie's board had made up its mind.
In its statement Wednesday night, AbbVie said the tax code changes eliminated certain "financial benefits," most notably the ability to access current and future cash in a tax efficient manner.
Shire fell another 7.3 percent Thursday in London. AbbVie closed at $52.90, down $1.73, or 3.1 percent.
If AbbVie stockholders do not approve the deal or a shareholders' meeting does not occur by Dec. 14, AbbVie would have to pay Shire a $1.64 billion breakup fee.

Apple Pay Is Reportedly Double-Charging Bank Of America CustomersApple Pay has been double-charging some Bank of America customers on transactions, according to CNN’s Samuel Burke .
Burke used Apple's new mobile-payment system on Monday, the day of its highly touted rollout, to make purchases with his Bank of America debit card at Whole Foods and Duane Reade. Those purchases appeared twice on his bank statement the following day. Some Twitter and Reddit users reported experiencing the same problem. Like Burke, they were all Bank of America customers.
Burke reported that he called Bank of America for help, but was told it was a problem with Apple. Burke said Bank of America directed him to Apple's help line. Apple, however, reportedly told Burke that there was “nothing they could do about it,” as the company does not keep a record of transactions for security reasons.
Burke said he eventually got Apple and Bank of America on the same line in a three-way-call. He did not disclose any details on what was said during the three-way call. Though he was ultimately refunded his money by Bank of America, the bank maintained that the problem was with Apple Pay, Burke said.
Later, Bank of America tweeted that it was working to fix the problem:
@samuelcnn Hi Samuel, we apologize for this inconvenience and are working to correct this issue and reverse the duplicate transactions. ^bm
— Bank of America (@BofA_Help) October 21, 2014
Bank of America confirmed to The Huffington Post that it will refund all customers affected by the issue and cover any overdraft fees.
"We apologize for the inconvenience and are working to correct the issue. All customers have been made whole," said Tara Burke, a spokeswoman for Bank of America. "We are always here for our customers and resolve any issues they have."
Apple did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
When it comes to questions about Apple Pay, Bank of America directs its customers to call its customer service number. Apple's FAQ also tells users to reach out to their banks for any problems with statements.
For what it's worth, a HuffPost reporter recently used Apple Pay at McDonald's with an American Express credit card and experienced no double-charging.
Update: An Apple spokesperson responded to HuffPost with an emailed statement: "We're aware of a Bank of America issue impacting a very small number of Apple Pay users. They're working on a fix that will be available shortly and reversing any duplicate transactions."
Bank of America spokeswoman Tara Burke added that the issue affected "only about 1000 transactions."
More:

Goodbye to Good Newsreddit
When will there be a good news day? One day when everything seems great. Just one day. One news day where the news is so good that it is the story of the day. A day that excites all Americans, whether they are Republicans, Democrats, or any other political persuasion. The news is so good that all the news coverage is overwhelmed by this wonderful event. Fox News and MSNBC both agree with wild joyous reports, as well as the networks, and even the dour Rush Limbaugh. And no talking head can pick apart this good news because it's just too good.
You might ask, what news could be this good? Well, there were days in our past when we all joined together in mutual enthusiasm. V-J Day: Americans throughout the country took to the streets in wild celebration. I don't believe there was one opposition report that day complaining about various issues, like the cost of the war, or should we have dropped the bomb. Not on that day. Maybe the next day. But that was one day of sheer bliss, pure happiness. Or what about Armstrong's walk on the moon? That was a good day. It didn't include any news on the darker side. The news didn't begin with "Armstrong walks on the moon, the stock market drops, and somebody killed in crash on the GW Bridge." Not on that day. That day was a good news day.
Even the good reports begin to sound like bad news nowadays. There was a good report on unemployment dropping to its lowest point since 2008, but that got beaten up quickly and then so quickly forgotten I was unsure if it was good news.  So was that good news? Was it sort of good news?
This fall it appears Americans are willing to give up voting privileges, women's rights, increases in minimum wages, health plans, educational grants and a long laundry list that would prove beneficial to their own interests as they most likely vote Republican because they are being taught that the present is frightening... the future is frightening. The future is an unknown enemy. Negativity sells. Negativity is a vote magnet.  The Democrats aren't very adept at spreading any good news to counteract, perhaps too fearful that a positive outlook will only bring down the wrath of indignation from the Republicans. And since the goal is winning, be cautious. Don't speak out against the wave of discontent from the opposition. Only Elizabeth Warren, the democratic senator from Massachusetts, speaks her mind. Stands against the tide and believes America can do better. A woman who speaks a positive message of how we can better the social and economic fabric of our country. A woman who has a vision of a better America, of what we can accomplish together. Hopeful. Positive.
I will sum it all up with this one story. A number of years ago I read a report on the weak dollar versus the British pound. I am not an economist, but it went something like this: The pound was apparently too strong against the dollar and it was affecting the trade deficit, or something like that. Months later I read that the dollar was now too strong against the pound, once again affecting the trade deficient but now in the opposite direction. The dollar went from being too low to too high! How is that possible? On its way from being too low to too high, doesn't it have to pass through "just right"? Here was a chance to celebrate that one day of the balance being just perfect and they didn't even tell us. Why didn't we celebrate that one day? THE EXCHANGE RATE BETWEEN ENGLAND AND THE U.S IS PERFECT, SAY ECONOMISTS! A good news day, a small celebration at best, but a celebration never the less.  And believe me, there must be more good news out there, that's the only one I knew about.
More:

End of the American centuryCooperating with Syria now would be an admission that the US made a colossal mistake in joining the conspiracy to oust Bashar al-Assad three years ago.
Written by Prem Shankar Jha | Posted: October 23, 2014 5:09 am | Updated: October 23, 2014 6:34 am
A hundred years after it began, the American century is drawing to a close. It began in the closing stages of World War I, when the exhausted Allies turned to the Americans for the final, decisive push to defeat Germany. It is ending with the Obama administration’s increasingly obvious inability to stop the growth of the IS, the Islamic State. What is coming to an end is not America’s military pre-eminence in the world: no country can even think of waging war against it. What is ending is American hegemony.
Hegemony needs to be distinguished from dominance. Gramsci described it as “the permeation throughout society of an entire system of values, attitudes, beliefs and morality that has the effect of supporting the status quo in power relations”. In international relations, a dominant country enjoys hegemony when it can claim, successfully, that what it is doing in its own interest also serves the general interest. This is the perception of America that is dying in a welter of mutual recrimination.
Momentous changes sometimes reveal themselves in small, even trivial, events. One such occurred on Fareed Zakaria’s CNN programme GPS, on October 12. The subject was the imminent fall of Kobani, the capital city of Syrian Kurdistan, to the IS. While interviewing Barham Salih, former prime minister of Iraqi Kurdistan and deputy prime minister of Iraq, Zakaria asked whether the Kurdish forces, the Peshmerga, would be prepared to go into central Iraq and Syria to fight the IS. Salih’s response was carefully weighed: “Kurdistan has emerged as the most reliable partner of the coalition in the fight against ISIS. There may be a number of reasons. One that I am proud of is that Kurdistan is a tolerant society with tolerant values. We do have a real interest in taking on ISIS… but I have to say that the Peshmerga should not be relied upon to go to Mosul or the heartland of Sunni areas. We can be there to support, but at the same time, the communities there have to be empowered. The same thing can be said about Syria…” I did not hear the rest of the sentence because at this point, Zakaria cut him off.
Zakaria may have done so unintentionally, but in the 15-minute panel discussion that followed, all the participants, Francis Fukuyama, Gideon Rose of Foreign Affairs, Danielle Pletka of the American Enterprise Institute and Walter Mead, professor at Bard college and columnist for The American Interest, also avoided mentioning Syria. Nor did they mention Iran.
Their reticence was strange. Cooperation with Syria has been an option on Barack Obama’s table since day one: in fact, the continued…

This transaction is still incompleteOpening accounts and issuing cards create numbers but amount to little.
Written by S V Srinivas | Posted: October 23, 2014 12:38 am | Updated: October 24, 2014 7:14 pm
By Erica Field, Charity Troyer Moore, Rohini Pande, Natalia, Rigol and Simone Schaner
Earlier this month, the ministry of finance announced that over 50 million new bank accounts have been opened and 17 million debit cards issued since the launch of a bold new plan to grant financial access to the poor. Prime Minister Narendra Modi announced this initiative, called the Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana (PMJDY), in a speech in August. Its ultimate goal is to reach 150 million unbanked rural poor people, giving them formal accounts that come with automatic life insurance, among other benefits, and can serve as destinations for payments from the MGNREGS and other government schemes. It is the most high-profile, and possibly the largest, campaign for financial inclusion in recent memory, and it is admirable in its aim to deliver much-needed services to the rural poor.
On October 7, a few days after releasing those figures, Modi sent an email to bank officers and staff congratulating them on their success so far, but also warning them that the “journey is bound to become more difficult”.
This is almost certainly true. Opening accounts and issuing cards create impressive numbers but amount to little more than creating computer files and encoding bits of plastic. It is when money starts to flow in and out of those accounts, often at the hands of public and private agents with their own set of motivations, concerns and incentives, that the real work begins.
By: C R Sasikumar

Polled into exhaustionListening to TV news, viewers formed the impression that the BJP was somehow a loser, although it had won.
Written by Shailaja Bajpai | Posted: October 23, 2014 1:20 am
If it hadn’t been so tragic, it would have been a spectator’s delight. On Tuesday evening, the TV screens on news channels were lit up with fireworks — and fire — in a breathtaking display of festival lights. Alas, this was no celebration, but the burning and gutting of over 200 firework stalls at the Dussehra ground, Faridabad.
The Hindi language news channels provided the most comprehensive coverage — what is it with English news channels that they shy away from in-depth coverage of such incidents and stick to their scheduled programmes? Channels such as Aaj Tak, Zee News, IBN7 stayed with the story during the evening/ night. IBN7 was a little alarmist, saying thousands of people were present at the accident site, dozens were injured and that two were critically injured. But really it was the visual spectacle of the evening sky blazing a smoky orange that had everyone riveted.
Somewhat less riveting was coverage of the assembly election results in Haryana and Maharashtra, partly due to the exhaustion factor. Since the middle of May, this is the fourth time we have watched poll counts. The fourth time in six months that the morning begins with revoltingly cheerful anchors greeting you a breezy “good morning” over your first cup of morning tea; the fourth time that before you’ve had a chance  to even figure out the day ahead, multiple figures are hip-hopping, waltzing and changing with dizzying regularity before your bleary eyes. You want to jump out of bed and shout out, “Hang on a sec, let me have a bath, breakfast and come to my senses before you start throwing mathematical equations at me!”
Unfortunately, the counting of votes, like time, waits for no one. Not even for the TV news anchors and expert panelists who find themselves saying one thing in the morning, another by the afternoon and the complete opposite by evening.
So, on Sunday morning between 10 am and 11 am, the leads led anchors and experts to conclude that while the BJP was first past the post in Maharashtra, it would “have to go back to the Shiv Sena” (Siddharth Varadarajan, NDTV 24×7). While everyone acknowledged the BJP victory in Maharashtra, its enormity was lost in the ensuing debate across news channels on how the party would approach Uddhav Thackeray for support: “Uddhav is not going to purr like a cat,” said Pankaj Pachauri (NewsX) of the BJP’s predicament, he would wait and watch. It was after all, not a divorce, but simply a case of the wife (Shiv Sena) having gone to her parental home for a short while — as one panelist on Rajya Sabha TV put it. A sort of “lovers’ tiff” according to Siddharth Bhatia (Headlines continued…

Brazilian bidders lift offer for ChiquitaBrazilian bidders lift offer for Chiquita
Samantha Pearson in São Paulo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/fae4a49c-5ac6-11e4-8625-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Generation Gap: How Your Age Affects How You Use Credit Cardsreddit
This country is billions of dollars in debt to the credit card lenders, which is a staggering number. How do you get to a point where the majority of Americans have over $10,000 in credit card debt? Who is to blame? A glimpse into the generational divide helps shed some light on the situation.
In a recent poll we conducted with around 3,000 of our readers, we asked the different generations about their relationship with their credit cards. Here's what we found:
Millennials: The youngest generation tends to understand less of how credit cards work, but they are smarter about not taking on too much credit (they generally only have 1-2 credit cards) and are more diligent about paying on time than the generation before them. They also tend to blame poor financial education on America's rising credit card debt.
Generation X & Y: The middle of the generational spectrum tend to do worse with credit cards. They generally don't pay their entire balance each month and are more likely to dip into savings to pay off credit card debt. The younger of the two generations also tends to blame high interest rates and fees from the credit card lenders for the country's debt instead of poor financial education or mismanagement from the cardholders.
Baby Boomers: With a life of experiences to help guide them, the Baby Boomer generation is the most savvy at using credit cards. They understand how the cards work. The have the highest percentage of paying off their balance each month and not dipping into savings to pay off credit card debt. They also place the blame for credit card debt on cardholder mismanagement. They do tend to have the most credit cards of any generation, though.
As they say, with age comes wisdom, which explains why the Baby Boomers are so much better at handling their credit cards. However, there is something to be said about the younger generation understanding their own limitations when it comes to credit. They are growing up in a world with massive amounts of credit card debt, and they recognize that and are trying to break the cycle. The Millennials have one thing right; we need better education around not only credit cards, but all areas of personal finance.
Close
Top 8 Financial Worries Of Americans
of

From Secret McConnell Audio  12 Destructive Things a GOP Senate Would Doreddit
If Republicans take the Senate next month (and if he wins his own reelection race), Mitch McConnell will be that body's next Majority Leader. Then what happens?
McConnell's been frank about what the GOP would do with the Senate -- at least when he thinks nobody's listening. This quote comes from audio, obtained by Undercurrent's Lauren Windsor, of a talk McConnell gave to a Koch Brothers group in August:
"Most things in the Senate require 60 (votes) ... but not the budget. So in the House and Senate, we own the budget. What does that mean?
"... No money can be spent to do this or do that. We're going to go after them on healthcare, on financial services, on the Environmental Protection Agency, across the board ..."
McConnell attacked the Dodd/Frank financial reform bill in further audio obtained by this week by Windsor, calling it "Obamacare for banks."
McConnell said he would "definitely" defund the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, calling it "the biggest part of the Dodd/Frank bill."
But then, that's been his position all along. Senate Republicans refused to accept anyone's nomination to lead the CFPB when it was formed. Said McConnell at the time: "We're simply not going to ... confirm him or anybody else to this agency that shouldn't exist in its current form."
Last year McConnell remarked , "If I had my way, we wouldn't have the [CFPB] at all."
The course of action McConnell lays out in these audio clips would:
1. Expose Americans to toxic threats, and make additional disasters like the BP oil spill more likely.
Cuts in EPA funding are intended to meet the GOP's stated goal of deregulating high-polluting industries like those of the Koch brothers themselves. That would lead to more fracking, more poisons in the groundwater, a higher risk of water-supply crises like the one recently experienced in West Virginia, increased air pollution...
The result? A sicker population which is at greater risk of environmental disaster.
2. Deprive millions of American of health insurance.
The Affordable Care Act isn't perfect. But it has extended health insurance to millions of Americans, both through the exchanges and through Medicaid extensions at the state level (excepting those states where Republican governors have refused to accept Federal funds for that purpose).
Denying funding for the law would, in all likelihood, close down the exchanges and end the Medicaid program. That would lead to thousands of additional deaths like that of Charlene Dill , a young working mother in Florida. (We discussed her death and related topics with Rep. Alan Grayson here ).
In addition, millions of Americans would lose their exchange-based health insurance under a Republican Senate, including people who have pre-existing conditions or are under 26 years old.
3. Ensure that money that financial institutions obtain dishonestly -- money like the $4.6 billion the CFPB has already returned to consumers -- would remain in the banks' pockets from now on.
The CFPB reports that it arranged the return of $4.6 billion in improperly obtained fees in its first three years of operation. The money was distributed to 15 million customers. In addition, more than three quarters of a million customers will receive remediation from financial institutions (that is, they'll be made whole) as a result of the CFPB's actions.
These actions will stop under a McConnell-led Senate, according to the senator himself.
4. Give a green light for credit-card companies to resume the "deceptive marketing practices" and other abuses that the CFPB has red-flagged.
In its very first enforcement action the CFPB ordered giant credit-card company Capitol One to repay $150 million to ripped-off customers, as well as $60 million to regulators, after the CFPB and another agency identified dishonest marketing practices that resulted in people being saddled with costly and ineffective add-on services they didn't want or need.
Since then a total of three major credit card companies (American Express and Discover are the others) have returned a total of $425 million. Interventions like this would end under a GOP Senate, according to McConnell, and credit-card companies would be free to resume their past deceptive practices.
5. Make credit-card agreements and mortgage documents harder to understand.
The CFPB's rule require credit-card companies and mortgage lenders to write their agreements in plain English. That will end if McConnell has his way.
The end result? Mortgage agreements that are impossible to understand, with provisions that could lead to foreclosure and/or prove financially ruinous to borrowers.
6. Make it harder to shop for student loans.
Defunding the CFPB would put an end to rules which make it easier for students and their families to comparison-shop for student loans.
The student-loan ombudsman's office , which reviews complaints about student loans, would also be shut down.
7. Decrease oversight of credit bureaus.
That would mean, among other things, that it would become harder for you to obtain your own credit report or correct misinformation on your credit record.
8. Close down the CFPB complaint database.
Consumers can now complain to the CFPB whenever they feel they have been cheated, abused, or misled by financial institutions. The CFPB tracks these complaints and intervenes with lenders where appropriate to resolve problems.
That would end, according to McConnell, under a Republican Senate.
9. Increase racial discrimination in auto loans.
The CFPB has been active in monitoring racial discrimination in auto lending , through its review of the business practice of the "indirect lenders" who underwrite these loans. That would stop.
The remediation which has occurred under this program would also end if the Republican Senate and House act as McConnell indicates they would.
10. Protect "too big to fail" banks.
Although Mitch McConnell claims otherwise, defunding Dodd/Frank would be a boon for too-big-to-fail banks. While he claims the law benefits them, the evidence suggests otherwise. As Mike Konczal observes in The New Republic, banks would pursue that designation if it were advantageous to them. Instead they're making every effort to avoid the label.
11. Help shady derivatives dealers
While more needs to be done, the Dodd/Frank law was a definite improvement over the status quo. Konczal also offers a good overview of its other useful features, most of which would cease to exist if McConnell and the Republicans make good on their threats.
12. Allow more sneaky dealing in mortgages
In Undercurrent's audio clips, McConnell seems to suggest that mortgage lenders didn't contribute to the 2008 financial crisis. This is nonsense. Fraud and excessive risk-taking were endemic throughout the mortgage financing system, from the underwriting of new loans to the bundling and selling of mortgages to third parties. That epidemic of fraud and risk-taking was central to the financial crisis, and to a massive loss of wealth for the American majority.
Americans were persuaded to take out loans without understanding their provisions, based on deceitful projections of their homes' future worth. Investors were deceived, too, as banks knowingly and deceptively bundled and sold junk-value mortgages as high-grade investments (with the collusion of the ratings "agencies").
"I have a friend who runs a mortgage business," McConnell says on the audio recording, "and he says the cost of writing a mortgage has gone up $1000 for him."
Underwriting a mortgage clearly takes more time and effort that generating reams of "liars' loans." Businesses would not rather bother, especially when it's more lucrative to cut corners. That's why they support politicians like Mitch McConnell -- and why the rest of shouldn't.
 
Follow Richard (RJ) Eskow on Twitter: www.twitter.com/rjeskow
More:

Dollar pushes lower vs. rivals after U.S. home sales reportOct 24, 2014, 08.22 PM IST  | Source: Investing.com
Dollar pushes lower vs. rivals after U.S. home sales report
Dollar pushes lower vs. rivals after U.S. home sales report
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Dollar pushes lower vs. rivals after U.S. home sales report
Dollar pushes lower vs. rivals after U.S. home sales report
Post your opinion here
 
Investing.com - Investing.com - The dollar pushed lower against a basket of other major currencies on Friday, after data showed that U.S. new home sales rose less-than-expected last month, although ongoing concerns over the Ebola virus supported some safe haven demand.
The dollar came under pressure after official data showed that U.S. new home sales rose 0.2% lat month to 467,000 units, below expectations for an increase to 470,000 units.
August's figure was downwardly revised to a 15.3% climb to 466,000 units from a previously estimated 18.0% jump to 504,000 units.
Investors remained cautious after The New York Times reported earlier Friday that a doctor in New York City, identified as Craig Spencer, tested positive for the Ebola virus after returning from treating patients in West Africa.
EUR/USD added 0.15% to 1.2665 after data on Friday showed that the Gfk German consumer climate index rose to 8.5 in October from 8.4 in September, whose figure was revised up from a previously estimated reading of 8.3.
Analysts had expected the index to fall to 8.0 this month.
GBP/USD gained 0.28% to trade at 1.6075. In a preliminary report, the Office for National Statistics said U.K. gross domestic product rose 0.7% in the third quarter, in line with expectations, after a 0.9% increase in the three months to June.
Year-on-year, Britain's GDP rose at an annualized rate of 3.0% in the last quarter, as markets had anticipated, down from a 3.2% growth rate in the second quarter.
Elsewhere, the yen and the Swiss franc moved higher, with USD/JPY down 0.15% at 108.11 and with USD/CHF slipping 0.16% to 0.9525.
The commodity linked dollars were steady to higher, with AUD/USD advancing 0.48% to 0.8802, NZD/USD rising 0.34% to 0.7848, while USD/CAD dipped 0.03% to 1.1230.
The U.S. dollar index, which tracks the performance of the greenback against a basket of six major currencies, fell 0.17% to 85.81.
Investing.com offers an extensive set of professional tools for the financial markets.
Read more News on Investing.com and download the new Investing.com apps for Android and iOS!

Forex - EUR/USD extends gains after U.S. data disappointsOct 24, 2014, 07.45 PM IST  | Source: Investing.com
Forex - EUR/USD extends gains after U.S. data disappoints
Forex - EUR/USD extends gains after U.S. data disappoints
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Forex - EUR/USD extends gains after U.S. data disappoints
Forex - EUR/USD extends gains after U.S. data disappoints
Post your opinion here
 
Investing.com - Investing.com - The euro extended earlier gains against the U.S. dollar on Friday, as demand for the greenback weakened after data showed that U.S. new home sales rose less-than-expected last month.
EUR/USD hit 1.2695 during U.S. morning trade, the pair's highest since October 22; the pair subsequently consolidated at 1.2685, rising 0.30%.
The pair was likely to find support at 1.2582, the low of October 7 and resistance at 1.2769, the high of October 14.
The dollar came under pressure after official data showed that U.S. new home sales rose 0.2% lat month to 467,000 units, below expectations for an increase to 470,000 units.
August's figure was downwardly revised to a 15.3% climb to 466,000 units from a previously estimated 18.0% jump to 504,000 units.
Earlier in the week, the National Association of Realtors reported that U.S. existing home sales increased 2.4% to a 5.17 million units last month from 5.05 million in August. Analysts had expected existing home sales to rise 1% to 5.10 million units in September.
Meanwhile, the euro remained supported after data earlier showed that the Gfk German consumer climate index rose to 8.5 in October from 8.4 in September, whose figure was revised up from a previously estimated reading of 8.3.
Analysts had expected the index to fall to 8.0 this month.
But investors remained cautious after The New York Times reported earlier Friday that a doctor in New York City, identified as Craig Spencer, tested positive for the Ebola virus after returning from treating patients in West Africa.
The euro was steady against the pound, with EUR/GBP easing 0.07% to 0.7883.
In the U.K., preliminary data on Friday showed that the gross domestic product rose 0.7% in the third quarter, in line with expectations, after a 0.9% increase in the three months to June.
Year-on-year, Britain's GDP rose at an annualized rate of 3.0% in the last quarter, as markets had anticipated, down from a 3.2% growth rate in the second quarter.
Investing.com offers an extensive set of professional tools for the financial markets.
Read more News on Investing.com and download the new Investing.com apps for Android and iOS!

Jet Airways  chief operating officer Subodh Karnik resignsJet Airways' chief operating officer Subodh Karnik resigns
Aneesh Phadnis & Sharmistha Mukherjee | New Delhi Oct 25, 2014 12:40 AM IST
Jet Airways chief operating officer (designate) Subodh Karnik is learnt to have quit the airline. This is the eighth top-level exit in the airline in recent months.
Confirming the development, a Jet Airways spokesperson said: “Subodh Karnik, chief operating officer (designate), will be leaving  Jet Airways for family reasons and is returning to Atlanta to be closer to his wife and children who were unable to move to India. He will continue to work with Jet Airways in an advisory capacity on key strategic initiatives.”
Jet had appointed aviation industry veteran Subodh Karnik as its chief operating officer in July this year. Karnik was mandated to oversee commercial and sales functions of the airline. He took over from Hameed Ali, who joined the airline’s board.
Before joining Jet, Karnik worked as a vice-president with consultancy firm ICF International. He has previously been employed in senior roles in marketing, strategic planning and finance departments of North West, Continental and Delta Airlines and was president and CEO of Global Aero Logistics, the largest provider of private air charter service to the US military.
In June this year, Abdulrahman Albusaidy, the chief strategy and planning officer at Jet, and Mohammad Ali El Ariss, head of cargo, quit the airline. The exits had come in the wake of the airline’s January to March quarter reporting a Rs 2,465-crore loss, its worst. Albusaidy is a former Gulf Air executive and was an old-timer with Jet Airways. An Omani national, he was on the board of Jet between 1994 and 1997 when Gulf Air held a stake in the carrier. He was in-charge of the Gulf region and was brought back to Mumbai last year. El Ariss, a Lebanese national, joined Jet in 2012 and was in-charge of its cargo business.
There have been eight high-profile exits, including the latest departures, from Jet Airways after Etihad Airways acquired a 24 per cent stake in the Indian airline. These include chief executive officer Nikos Kardassis; vice-president (investor relations) K G Vishwanath and chief commercial officer Sudheer Raghavan.
Gary Toomey, former chief financial officer of Qantas Airways, who replaced Kardassis, left the airline within six months of taking charge. Ravishankar Gopalakrishnan, the airline’s chief financial officer who also officiated as the CEO in the interim, too, quit in May. The airline has now appointed Cramer Ball, a former chief executive from Air Seychelles.
The takeover also led to an administrative reshuffle, with Sonu Kripalani, who headed sales, being given the charge of guest experience.
Post the tie-up with Etihad, Jet Airways has also announced it will discontinue its no-frills service, Jet Konnect, from December 1 to offer a single, full-service product on its entire domestic network. The airline has firmed a three-year business plan to return to profitability by 2017.

Fyffes and Chiquita revise merger termsBanana group Fyffes offers Chiquita bigger slice of merger deal
By Claer Barrett in London and Samantha Pearson in São Paulo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/32bdc97a-4546-11e4-ab86-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Haryana paanwala gets 132-crore power billComments
A paanwala or betel-leaf seller in Sonepat district of Haryana received an electricity bill of Rs. 132 crore. Rajesh Gupta alias Chautala, who in a 7x7 space runs a betel-leaf shop at Gohana was shocked to receive a bill of `132 crore for a two-month period.
He says that his shop uses a 14 watt tube, a small fan and a fridge. Rajesh Gupta, who works in a private company on a part-time basis said, “My 93-year-old father Lala Chandgi Ram who mostly manages the shop was taken aback when he was told about the bill amount on October 22 by the landlord - Ram Swaroop Gupta.”
He said that though they knew it was nothing else than a computer error but were concerned over the multiple rounds to electricity department to get it corrected. The bill was issued by Uttar Haryana Bijli Vitran Nigan (UHBVN).
“No official from electricity department has contacted us so far, but we were told by someone known to us that the actual bill is `1,648,” he said.
Superintendent engineer (SE) of the Sonepat circle, UHBVN, SN Sharma said that the bill was likely to be a software-related error in the online system of billing.

Modis Siachen visit a masterstroke  say analysts  observersComments
Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s visit to Siachen, the world’s highest battlefield, was a strategic step that went beyond bonding with Indians soldiers to also send a message to Pakistan amid escalating tensions between the nuclear armed rivals, analysts and political observers say.
  
Play Pause
Prime Minister Narendra Modi shares sweets with the officers and jawans of Indian Armed Forces during his visit to Siachen on the occasion of Diwali. (PTI photo)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi is greeted by Jammu and Kashmir chief minister Omar Abdullah as Jammu and Kashmir governor NN Vohra looks on at Srinagar Airport. (AFP photo)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi looks at a military dog as he interacts with Army officers and soldiers at a base camp during his visit to Siachen, in this handout photo ...
Prime minister Narendra Modi interacts with the Army officers and soldiers at a base camp during his visit to Siachen. (PTI photo)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi is received on his arrival at Siachen Base Camp. Army chief Gen Dalbir Singh is also seen. (PTI photo)
Paramilitary soldiers stand guard as Kashmiri women walk on a street in Srinagar. Shops and businesses remained closed in Kashmir due to a separatist sponsored strike to protest a visit ...
Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) leaders and workers shout pro-Modi slogans during a welcome rally ahead of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's arrival in Srinagar to celebrate Diwali with the flood victims ...
A paramilitary trooper stands guard in front of a shuttered shop during a one-day strike called by Kashmiri separatists protesting against Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi's visit to the region, ...
Activists and supporters of Bharatiya Janta Party shout slogans as they try to march toward the governor's house to welcome Prime Minister Narendra Modi in Srinagar.
Activists and supporters of ruling Bharatiya Janta Party celebrate as they try to march toward the governor's house to welcome Prime Minister Narendra Modi in Srinagar. (HT photo)
Policemen try to stop activists and supporters of ruling Bharatiya Janta Party as they try to march towards the governor's house to welcome Prime Minister Narendra Modi in Srinagar. (HT ...
India and Pakistan have faced off on the inhospitable terrain since 1984 and have long accepted the need to demilitarise Siachen, but still have not arrived at a solution that would allow them to pull out troops from the mountainous region that lies at about 20,000 feet above sea level.
Modi’s visit to Siachen on Diwali was the first by a PM in nine years. Modi’s predecessor, Manmohan Singh, visited the glacier in 2005 when he called to make Siachen an “abode of peace” between India and Pakistan.
“It is a masterstroke to spend the Diwali with soldiers in Siachen. Not only did he take this opportunity to bond with soldiers in far-flung areas but it was also a stern message to Pakistan that had, in recent times, tried to disturb the peace along the Line of Control,” said a senior bureaucrat.
Read: Modi’s flood-relief package draws flak from Kashmir political parties
Military analysts said the visit was in line with the stand of the BJP, which has in the past cautioned against any “settlement” over the Siachen glacier so that Pakistan does not get any terrain advantage to re-occupy the strategic heights.
“There is certain political subtext of this visit. Any visit of a PM to Siachen is of immense importance. This tour also plays well with the BJP’s narrative of showcasing its commitment to the national cause,” Commodore C Uday Bhaskar, Director, Society for Policy Studies, told HT.
Top sources added the trip was not a one-off event but Modi was likely to spend holidays with the army in future.
“It further showcases his government dedication and re-establishes India’s authority over the entire area,” said an official.

Black money embarrassment for individual  not party'Black money embarrasses individuals, not party'
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 24, 2014
First Published: 19:27 IST(24/10/2014) | Last Updated: 08:57 IST(25/10/2014)
Comments
Amid speculation that the list of names of black money account holders could include a former UPA minister, ex-finance minister P Chidambaram on Friday said such individual transgressions should not embarrass the Congress as the party had not authorised him to keep that account.
“If there is a name of a former minister it will embarrass that person. He is not keeping that account for the party. These are individual transgressions, individual violations of the law, the individual should be embarrassed. Why should the party be embarrassed?” he told NDTV in an interview.
Chidambaram was responding to finance minister Arun Jaitley’s remarks that the Congress will be embarrassed once the names of people holding illicit foreign accounts are made public.
He also reiterated that Congress president Sonia Gandhi and vice-president Rahul Gandhi should “speak more” to the public and the media.
Asked if a non-Gandhi could become the Congress president, he said, “I think so. Someday yes”, but was quick to add, “I do not know” when asked about its timeline.
 Chidambaram also said the reorganisation of the party was due for the larger task of being an “effective, strong, robust and true opposition” to the government.

2 Dead  Including Suspect  in Shooting at High School in Marysville  WashingtonRADAR: Rain Moving Through East Coast
VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAM COVERAGE
Upcoming Coverage
THE BIG NUMBER: US Adds 321K Jobs in November, Strongest...
12/08/2014 @ 9:30 AM ET
{"btnClass":"cta_link","link":"#","date":"12/08/2014","endTime":1418049900000,"id":"12/08/2014-0","startTime":1418049000000,"startTimeISO":"20141208T093000","title":"THE BIG NUMBER: US Adds 321K Jobs in November, Strongest...","startTimeText":"9:30 AM ET","linkText":"Add to Calendar","endTimeISO":"20141208T094500","conedID":20646307,"pastEvent":false,"recurring":true}
Story Stock

Police: Gunman  1 other person dead in school shooting near SeattleDeadly school shooting near Seattle
View Photos
A student opened fire in a high school near Seattle, killing two students and injuring three before killing himself, officials said.
Caption
A student opened fire in a high school near Seattle, killing two students and injuring three before killing himself, officials said.
Oct. 27, 2014 Elijah McGourty, 15, and his sister Kylah, 16, hug their mother, Mary, as they stand at a growing memorial on a fence around Marysville-Pilchuck High School in Marysville, Wash. Ted S. Warren/AP
Buy Photo
Wait 1 second to continue.
“Everyone just started running. I could hear the gunshots and my heart was racing and we didn’t know what was going on,” student Adam Holston said, the Times reported.
On Saturday, the Associated Press reported that three of the four victims were in critical condition with head wounds; one of them was identified as Andrew Fryberg, 15. The fourth victim, 14-year-old Nate Hatch, was in serious condition, according to Harborview Medical Center in Seattle. Relatives told KIRO-TV that Jaylen Fryberg was the cousin of Andrew Fryberg and Hatch, AP reported.
A hospital official identifies two female students shot by a classmate at a high school near Seattle. The 14-year-old girls remain in critical condition. (Reuters)
The school, which is located about 45 minutes from Seattle, was locked down after the gunshots in the building, the school district said. By Friday afternoon, police had secured the school campus and were busy interviewing roughly 30 witnesses, including students and staff, Lamoureux said. Parents were told to go to a church nearby to meet their children.
“There are really no words to describe this type of tragedy,” Marysville Mayor Jon Nehring said during a news conference.
Video footage captured by local media and photos posted online showed a considerable police presence outside the high school.
Students line up to take buses to meet parents blocks away. #liveonkomo pic.twitter.com/vJjaRiNped
— Connie Thompson (@ConnieKOMO) October 24, 2014
Students being put on bus at #MPHS . pic.twitter.com/PrA2wSawES
— KIRO 7 (@KIRO7Seattle) October 24, 2014
This was the second shooting at a school in the region this year. In June, a gunman opened fire on the campus of Seattle Pacific University, killing one person and injuring three others.
The FBI said Friday it was sending personnel to the school to offer assistance to local law enforcement.
[This post has been updated with new information. First posted: 2:56 p.m. Friday.]
(Google Maps)
Mark Berman is a reporter on the National staff. He runs Post Nation, a destination for breaking news and developing stories from around the country.
Elahe Izadi is a general assignment national reporter for The Washington Post.

We need 7.5-8% growth for 20 yrs to address employment issue: Arvind SubramanianWe need 7.5-8% growth for 20 yrs to address employment issue: Arvind Subramanian
India eyes better doing business rankingIndia eyes better doing business ranking
PM s visit to Australia  Fiji : Sangh affiliates kept out of organisational dutiesPM's visit to Australia, Fiji :  Sangh affiliates kept out of organisational duties
Archis Mohan | New Delhi Oct 25, 2014 12:36 AM IST
During visits to Australia and Fiji in the third week of November, Prime Minister Narendra Modi is scheduled to address sizable gatherings of the Indian diaspora. Unlike the PM’s Madison Square Garden address in New York, for which Sangh Parivar affiliates were seen to be at the fore of organising the event, this time, associations of Indians in those countries have been entrusted with putting these  together.
The assessment within the government and the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) is though hugely successful, the PM’s Madison Square Garden address was painted in some quarters as a partisan event, as the Overseas Friends of BJP (OFBJP) and the Hindu Swayamsevak Sangh (HSS) were seen to have anchored it. Indian embassy officials in New York were forced to prod decision makers in New Delhi to include non-resident Indians from all linguistic groups and religions.
The OFBJP and the HSS are arms of the BJP and Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh, respectively, to connect with the Indian diaspora.
In Australia and Fiji, the effort is to reach all sections of non-resident Indians, including Christians and Muslims. “Modi isn’t the PM of one particular community but all Indians. We need to put forth this message and engage more vigorously with the Indian diaspora to strengthen our soft diplomacy,” said a BJP leader.
The PM is scheduled to visit Myanmar to attend the East Asia summit scheduled for November 11 and 12, followed by the G20 summit in Brisbane, Australia, on November 15 and 16. While returning from Australia on November 19, he is likely to spend a day in Fiji.
Sources in the BJP and the external affairs ministry said the visit to Fiji was still in the works. However, Fiji Sun, a leading Fijian newspaper, on Thursday reported, “India’s rock star” PM was likely to visit the Fijian capital, Suva.
The previous Indian PM to visit Fiji was Indira Gandhi (1981), and to Australia was Rajiv Gandhi (1986).
In Australia, the PM, after completing his engagements at the G20 summit, will be in Sydney on November 17, where he will address a gathering of 15,000 members of the Indian diaspora at the main arena of the Sydney Olympic Park, the largest indoor event space in that city.
Last week, BJP general secretary Ram Madhav was in Australia to coordinate with the Indian community there in this regard. He attended the vibrant Diwali Mela in Melbourne and interacted with community leaders to give shape to the November 17 event, to be held under the auspices of the India Australia Community Foundation.
It is being ensured the PM’s public addresses, both in Australia and Fiji, are organised under the auspices of the larger Indian community, not a Sangh Parivar affiliate or an outfit identified with a particular region, caste, religion or linguistic group. “Our effort is to bring all sections of the Indian community to participate in the event,” Madhav told Business Standard.
About 300 Indian diaspora associations have already expressed interest to be part of the event, and 21,000 people have registered to attend it; registrations are open till the end of this month. Indians from Adelaide, Melbourne and other cities are likely to attend. Those from Melbourne, home to the largest concentration of the Indian diaspora in Australia, have put in place plans to travel to Sydney on the ‘Modi Express’, a special train.
Australia has about half a million people of Indian origin, including 30,000 students. It is home to the fourth-largest community of Indians abroad, after the US, the UK and Canada.
Modi is scheduled to address the Australian parliament on November 18. Unlike the event in New York, where several US Congress and Senate members were present, only a few Australian MPs will attend Modi’s address the event on November 17. Chinese President Xi Jinping is slated to address the Australian parliament that day.
Sources said several provincial politicians would attend Modi’s address at the Sydney Olympic Park.
About 38 per cent of Fiji’s population comprises people of India origin, primarily descendents of indentured labourers taken to Fiji from modern-day Bihar, Tamil Nadu and Andhra Pradesh, during the late 19th century.

BJP  Cong among 26 parties yet to submit election expenditure of LS polls to ECBJP, Cong among 26 parties yet to submit election expenditure of LS polls to EC
BS Reporter | New Delhi Oct 25, 2014 12:31 AM IST
The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) and Congress are two national parties yet to file details of their expenditure during the recent Lok Sabha elections to the Election Commission (EC).
Also, one of every two recognised regional parties have not given their Lok Sabha election expenditure to the poll panel. According to the Association of Democratic Reforms (ADR), 24 of 49 parties recognised in one or more states are yet to give their election expenditure to the EC.
The latter had stipulated a time limit of 90 days from completion of the poll process, within which all national and recognised parties need to do this. As the election results were declared on May 16, the parties should have filed their expenditure statements on or before August 14.
On September 8, the EC issued a notice to all the parties which had not done so. It was issued to three of the national parties – the Congress, BJP and the Communist Party of India (CPI) – and 46 regional parties. Following which, the CPI and 22 regional parties complied. The Congress, BJP and 24 others have not.
On Friday, ADR, an independent election watchdog, pointed to a 1996 Supreme Court judgment, Common Cause versus Union of India, stating all “political parties shall submit to the Election Commission, for its scrutiny, the details of the expenditure incurred or authorised by the parties in connection with the election of their respective candidates”.
The expenditure statement is to contain details of the total amount received as funds in the form of cash, cheques and demand drafts, and the total amount spent under the following heads at the central, state, district and constituency levels by the party — party propaganda, travel expenses, publicity expenses, miscellaneous expenses and expenses on candidates.
For the first time since that 1996 judgement, the poll panel has also asked unrecognised parties which contested to file their expenditure statements. Of 419 unrecognised parties which contested, 17 have done so. The EC has long suspected some of these unrecognised parties to be fronts for income tax fraud.
ADR said national and regional political parties should ideally file complete and correct statements of expenditure to the ECI well in time for public scrutiny, so as to encourage financial transparency.

Cameron anger over 2.1bn EU surchargeDavid Cameron angry over €2.1bn EU surcharge
Alex Barker in Brussels and Chris Giles and George Parker in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c190d932-5b6f-11e4-b68a-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

John Lydon; and Vivienne Westwood© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0da234a2-4ee0-11e4-b205-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Gauging patience of 401k participantsgauging patience of 401k participants
Why is Brussels demanding back-payment© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0f8df0c2-5b64-11e4-b68a-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Massive air bag recall affects more than 4.5 million vehiclesMassive air bag recall affects more than 4.5 million vehicles
Massive air bag recall affects more than 4.5 million vehicles
Air bags are designed to keep you safe in a crash. But potentially defective air bags made by Takata have prompted a massive recall affecting more than 4.5 million vehicles since June.
Air bags are designed to keep you safe in a crash. But potentially defective air bags made by Takata have prompted a massive recall affecting more than 4.5 million vehicles since June.

Samvat 2071 be year of retail investorsAmfi
(Indian markets breached…)
NEW DELHI: Everything seems to be working great for the Indian markets, which rallied over 26 per cent in Samvat 2070, fuelled by strong global liquidity and a reform push by the newly elected Modi government.
But is it enough to bring back retail participation into the markets? Well, the answer might not be a simple yes or no. However, the recent data does point towards the fact that participations has increased via the mutual fund route.
The Indian markets breached important resistance levels on the upside to touch record highs in Samvat 2070, and a similar action is forecasted for Samvat 2071 by investment gurus.
The S&P BSE Sensex rallied over 26 per cent in the last one year or from Samvat 2070. Apart from the last one month or so, FIIs had been buying heavily, but retail participation has been low, said S.K. Goel, Director , Bonanza Portfolio Ltd.
Equity contribution to domestic savings has been at its lowest at 0.5 per cent. It was around 10 per cent during the peak period of Harshad Mehta days and also in 2007, say experts.
"The reason for this is the big bear market from 2008 to 2013 which devastated the retail investors. Now that the market has been acquiring higher peaks, we can see retail investors coming back gradually," added Goel.
Having learnt the lesson hard way, retail money is likely to come through mutual funds which have seen a rise in the inflows. Goel is of the view that we are likely to witness a rise in the retail flow into the market this year.
Equity mutual fund schemes have turned attractive with investors putting in a staggering Rs 34,000 crore in them during the first half of 2014-15, PTI said in a report last week.
As per the latest data available with the Association of Mutual Funds in India ( AMFI ), investors have pumped in a net amount of Rs 33,790 crore in equity-oriented MF schemes in the April-September period.
With the stock market hitting new all-time highs, it has become easier for MFs to attract investors, added the report, citing impressive returns from equity schemes which are currently higher than that of bank fixed deposits.
Both the Sensex and the Nifty , which hit new lifetime highs of 27,354.99 and 8,180.20, respectively, during the year, have had their best performance since Samvat 2065.
"I think one can make a lot of money and more than 26.5 per cent in the year ahead. All the positive factors seem to be converging at this point in time. After a long time, we are seeing a Samvat year where a lot of optimism. A lot of enthusiasm is there and the commodity prices (crude) are down after a long time," said Nirmal Jain, Chairman, IIFL Group.
"We are seeing the reforms now after the state election. Lots of decisive actions have been made and in fact a lot more is in the offing. Nonetheless, there will be corrections, there will be intermittent jitters, some events here and there, but if investors can buy equity and hold on to, then the next year and maybe the next three to five years will be very good," he added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

http://usat.ly/1tkqw85FacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Stocks rally: S&P 500 posts best weekly gain of 2014
Indexes are rising Friday as news of an Ebola diagnosis in New York City had little effect on trading.
Post to Facebook
Stocks rally: S&P 500 posts best weekly gain of 2014 Indexes are rising Friday as news of an Ebola diagnosis in New York City had little effect on trading. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1wove3t
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
24
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Stocks rally: S&P 500 posts best weekly gain of 2014
Kim Hjelmgaard , USA TODAY 11:08 p.m. EDT October 24, 2014
A trader works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange.
(Photo: Bryan Thomas, Getty Images)
159 CONNECT 193 TWEET 9 LINKEDIN 24 COMMENTEMAILMORE
The stock market closed out its best week of the year on Friday, as good news on the economy and corporate earnings overshadowed worries about the latest confirmed case of Ebola.
The Standard & Poor's 500 index finished up 13.76 points, 0.7%, to 1964.58, capping off a strong week that saw the benchmark index rise 4.1%. The strong gains helped the S&P 500 snap a four-week losing streak.
The Dow Jones industrial average ended up 127.51 points, 0.8%, to 16,805.41, and posted a 2.6% gain for week. The tech-heavy Nasdaq composite closed up 30.92 points, 0.7%, to 4483.72 and surged 5.3% for the week.
Sales of new homes were essentially flat in September, after the government sharply revised downward what was initially an August surge in buying.
The gains followed an explosive rally on Thursday, when better-than-expected earnings from automaker General Motors and heavy equipment maker Caterpillar sent stocks surging.
'I believe in the power of prayer.' Nina Pham thanks caregivers, asks for prayers for other Ebola victims. pic.twitter.com/3MpubKirt4
— USA TODAY (@USATODAY) October 24, 2014
The Dow came close to having its best day of 2014 on Thursday, but news about a New York City doctor being rushed to a hospital on Ebola fears trimmed a 300-point gain to 217 points by the end of trading.
After the bell, it was confirmed the doctor, Craig Spencer, has tested positive for Ebola .
Wall Street is closing out a tumultuous period that at one point last week looked as if the stock market was in serious danger of suffering its first correction -- a 10% pullback -- in more than three years.
The S&P 500 index briefly fell into losing territory for the year on the sell-off's worst day, Sept. 16, and one of the things scaring investors that day was the possibility of an Ebola outbreak here in the U.S.
The fact there is a confirmed case in New York City had no apparent effect on the stock market Friday showed just how much confidence has shifted in the past week. Following this week's rally, the S&P 500 is now back up to a 6.3% gain for 2014 and just 2.3% below its all-time record close.
In corporate news Friday, Dow component Procter & Gamble announced it will separate Duracell as a standalone company. PG shares are up 2.5%.
New York City's first Ebola patient is in isolation amid city jitters: http://t.co/COIqJQO95H
— USA TODAY (@USATODAY) October 24, 2014
Overseas markets were mixed as traders also monitored the news out of New York.
"The level of attention traders pay to Ebola could increase from here," said Chris Weston, chief market strategist at IG in Melbourne, Australia.
Europe stocks took a hit. The DAX of Germany closed 0.7% lower.
Asia markets moved in different directions. Japan's Nikkei 225 index added 1%, but China's Shanghai composite index was flat.
Contributing: The Associated Press.

China border: Centre announces 54 outposts  Rs 175-cr infra packageRajnath Singh during Raising Day parade of the ITBP in Greater Noida Friday.
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 25, 2014 2:26 am
Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh said on Friday that India wants peace with China but that cannot come at the cost of honour. Following this, the minister also announced setting up of 54 new border outposts and a Rs 175 crore package for beefing up the infrastructure along the border in Arunachal Pradesh.
The announcement was made by Singh even as he made it clear that India wanted to solve the border dispute with China through dialogue, asserting “peace with honour” was most important requirement for building good friendly relations.
“Today when I talk about the border, be it with Pakistan or China, I feel pained and anguished over reports of ceasefire violations by Pakistan or incursions by Chinese troops,” he said at the 53rd raising day function of the Indo-Tibetan Border Police (ITBP) here, which guards the 3,488-km-long border from Ladakh to Arunachal Pradesh.
“Humlog shanti chahte hai samman ki saath. Asamman ke saath shanti nahi ho sakti (We want peace with honour. Peace cannot come at the cost of honour,” he said, referring to the recent border row with China. China has been objecting to any development of infrastructure along the LAC and setting up of border outposts leading to instances of stand-offs with India.
Singh also referred to Prime Minister Narendra Modi making it clear that India wants to maintain peaceful relations with all its neighbouring countries. “Our Prime Minister has told the Chinese President that if there is a dispute we should talk,” he said.
“India wants to keep friendly relations with our neighbours whether it is China or Pakistan. We believe in the philosophy of ‘Vasudaiva Kutumbakam’ which means the world is one family and India has told the world about it,” he added. Singh also said the government was looking into the demand for a dedicated air support for ITBP personnel.
Referring to Pakistan, the Home Minister said the neighbouring country should stop firing on border posts and civilian areas and noted that Pakistan had fired upon the civilian areas along the border in J&K just a day before Diwali. He said Pakistan should know that Indian forces possess the “capability to give a befitting reply” for these misadventures.
He also disapproved of Pakistan’s recent move of approaching the UN over the Kashmir issue and seeking intervention, saying all issues can be resolved through talks.

Head of Commercial Operations and Contract Delivery£62,500 - £117,800
Further information
The Next Generation Shared Services programme is transforming the way central Government departments deliver back office corporate services to improve quality, reduce costs and drive efficiency. This is a chance to play a key role in delivering positive change and achieving improved value for the tax payer.
We need a highly motivated individual to assume responsibility for the contract management, supplier relationship management and customer relations management for a Shared Service Centre: assuring the quality of services, meeting new business needs and delivering new levels of performance and service offerings. This will involve working closely with providers, customers, central Government and the wider public sector. Key tasks will range from implementing delivery plans, providing overall direction and leadership and managing the provider to driving improvements, managing risks and promoting best practice. 
The role calls for a successful track record in the Shared Services sector (including Finance, P2P, HR and MI) supported by experience of managing multi-customer shared service operations and service optimisation strategies. You’ll have proved you can manage a team to deliver change in a complex public sector organisation and work to challenging deadlines. Well developed relationship building and influencing skills and a high level of political awareness will also be required.
To apply, please click the button below.
Closing date for completed applications is Friday 24 October 2014.
The Cabinet Office
The Cabinet Office sits at the very centre of government and, with the Treasury, provides the ‘head office’ of government. The Cabinet Office has an overarching purpose of Making government work better.
Options

RealPage interest shows tech M&A appetiteRealPage interest shows tech M&A appetite
Ed Hammond in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/84aacfe6-5af2-11e4-8625-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Officials move to calm US anxiety over EbolaUS governors order Ebola quarantine
David Crow in New York and Robin Harding in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c26f24c6-5b88-11e4-a674-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

St. Louis County town rejects body cameras for policeBy Radley Balko October 24 Follow @radleybalko
Months later, we still don’t know what happened between Michael Brown and Ferguson, Mo., police officer Darren Wilson. We have conflicting witness accounts, some of which have been given in a public forum, some of which have been leaked. We’ve had mass protests and national outrage, some of which might have been avoided, or at least better directed, had the Ferguson Police Department mandated the use of body cameras by its officers. (Although both the protests and the national discourse have been about much more than the incident itself.)
And yet in the nearby town of Ballwin, Mo., also in St. Louis County :
For the time being, Ballwin police officers won’t be using on-body video cameras.
The issue unexpectedly came up at the Oct. 13 Board of Aldermen meeting when Alderman Shamed Dogan (Ward 2) urged during the aldermanic comment period that a few cameras be acquired and used. The body cams would be particularly helpful when Ballwin officers are called to help in areas where civil unrest is occurring, he said.
However, Ballwin Police Chief Steve Schicker said at a budget work session last month that he was not recommending the purchase of body cameras in 2015 due to rapidly changing technology, which makes today’s devices obsolete tomorrow. Schicker also cited challenges of integrating in-car cameras with those worn by police officers and security concerns about images maintained by third-party “cloud” data storage firms . . .
Alderman Jim Terbrock (Ward 1) said he’s “not sure the technology is there yet.”
It was noted that the cameras must be turned on manually and it might be unlikely that officers will put top priority on doing that if they unexpectedly find themselves in a perilous situation.
Aldermen Frank Fleming (Ward 3) agreed, stating “there is a lot we haven’t thought through yet.” What happens, he mused, if a complaint is filed against an officer whose camera wasn’t operating or whose recording was inadvertently erased?
These concerns aren’t convincing. Obsoleteness isn’t much of a problem at all. Yes, new tech products are inevitably replaced by newer tech products. That doesn’t mean the old products stop working. Security concerns about cloud storage are more pertinent, but not a problem other departments haven’t adequately addressed.
Alderman Terbrock’s concerns seem to suggest inadequately or ineptly trained police. Cops would be trained in the use of cameras just as they’re trained in every other piece of equipment they use. If Terbrock doesn’t seem to think officers can be trained to turn the cameras on (“turn on your camera”) or avoid “inadvertently” erasing video of critical incidents (“do not hit the erase button”), you can’t help but worry about how those cops are trained when it comes to the use of Tasers, pepper spray and guns.
If Terbrock is indirectly implying that police officers may intentionally erase incriminating video, there are policies to address that, too .
Radley Balko blogs about criminal justice, the drug war and civil liberties for The Washington Post. He is the author of the book "Rise of the Warrior Cop: The Militarization of America's Police Forces."

PRECIOUS-Gold posts weekly loss on dollar rise  strong U.S. dataPRECIOUS-Gold posts weekly loss on dollar rise  strong U.S. data
EU energy deal will hurt Putin  says DaveyEd Davey hails EU energy deal as blow to Vladimir Putin
Christian Oliver in Brussels, Pilita Clark in London and Henry Foy in Warsaw
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/cdbd03f4-5b81-11e4-b68a-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Officials move to calm US Ebola anxietyUS governors order Ebola quarantine
David Crow in New York and Robin Harding in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c26f24c6-5b88-11e4-a674-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Republicans take aim at U.S. Ebola response after fourth case emergesRepublicans take aim at U.S. Ebola response after fourth case emerges
China border: Centre announces 54 outposts  Rs 175-cr infrapackageRajnath Singh during Raising Day parade of the ITBP in Greater Noida Friday.
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 25, 2014 2:26 am
Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh said on Friday that India wants peace with China but that cannot come at the cost of honour. Following this, the minister also announced setting up of 54 new border outposts and a Rs 175 crore package for beefing up the infrastructure along the border in Arunachal Pradesh.
The announcement was made by Singh even as he made it clear that India wanted to solve the border dispute with China through dialogue, asserting “peace with honour” was most important requirement for building good friendly relations.
“Today when I talk about the border, be it with Pakistan or China, I feel pained and anguished over reports of ceasefire violations by Pakistan or incursions by Chinese troops,” he said at the 53rd raising day function of the Indo-Tibetan Border Police (ITBP) here, which guards the 3,488-km-long border from Ladakh to Arunachal Pradesh.
“Humlog shanti chahte hai samman ki saath. Asamman ke saath shanti nahi ho sakti (We want peace with honour. Peace cannot come at the cost of honour,” he said, referring to the recent border row with China. China has been objecting to any development of infrastructure along the LAC and setting up of border outposts leading to instances of stand-offs with India.
Singh also referred to Prime Minister Narendra Modi making it clear that India wants to maintain peaceful relations with all its neighbouring countries. “Our Prime Minister has told the Chinese President that if there is a dispute we should talk,” he said.
“India wants to keep friendly relations with our neighbours whether it is China or Pakistan. We believe in the philosophy of ‘Vasudaiva Kutumbakam’ which means the world is one family and India has told the world about it,” he added. Singh also said the government was looking into the demand for a dedicated air support for ITBP personnel.
Referring to Pakistan, the Home Minister said the neighbouring country should stop firing on border posts and civilian areas and noted that Pakistan had fired upon the civilian areas along the border in J&K just a day before Diwali. He said Pakistan should know that Indian forces possess the “capability to give a befitting reply” for these misadventures.
He also disapproved of Pakistan’s recent move of approaching the UN over the Kashmir issue and seeking intervention, saying all issues can be resolved through talks.

Wall St Week Ahead-Look to energy names for global demand cluesWall St Week Ahead-Look to energy names for global demand clues
Indian Air Force asks personnel not to use Xiaomi Redmi phonesYou are here: Home > Collections > Iaf
IAF asks personnel not to use Xiaomi phones
PTI Oct 25, 2014, 01.09AM IST
Tags:
Amazon
("F-secure, a leading security…)
NEW DELHI: IAF personnel and their families have been asked to desist from using Chinese 'Xiaomi Redmi 1s' phones as these are believed to be transferring data to their servers in China and could be a security risk.
" F-secure , a leading security solution company, recently carried out a test of Xiaomi Redmi 1s , the company's budget smartphone, and found that the phone was forwarding carrier name, phone number, IMEI (the device identifier) plus numbers from address book and text messages back to Beijing," says an advisory issued by the IAF to its personnel.
The IAF note, issued some weeks back, has been prepared by the intelligence unit based on the inputs from Indian Computer Emergency Response Team (CERT-In), according to IAF sources.
Emails were sent by PTI to the company for its response on this development but those remained unanswered.
However, in a general statement two days back, the company had said it was fully committed to storing its users' data securely at all times.
The company said it is migrating some data on non-Chinese customers away from its servers in Beijing due to performance and privacy considerations.
It said that earlier this year, its e-commerce engineering teams started migrating its global e-commerce platforms and user data for all international users from their Beijing data centers to Amazon AWS data centers in California (USA) and Singapore.
This migration process will be completed by the end of October and will benefit users in all of our international markets -- Hong Kong, India, Indonesia, Malaysia, Philippines, Singapore, and Taiwan.
Incidentally, the Taiwanese government is investigating whether Xiaomi Inc is a cyber security threat due to privacy issues.
FEATURED ARTICLES

http://usat.ly/1woTUsBFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Listen: What's next for Amazon?
Is Amazon.com stretched too thin? The company that has come to define e-commerce said it had a third quarter net loss of $437 million on Thursday, much worse than the $41 million it reported during the same
Post to Facebook
Listen: What's next for Amazon? Is Amazon.com stretched too thin? The company that has come to define e-commerce said it had a third quarter net loss of $437 million on Thursday, much worse than the $41 million it reported during the same Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1woTUsB
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
1
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Listen: What's next for Amazon?
Jefferson Graham , USA TODAY 1:22 p.m. EDT October 24, 2014
Amazon logo
8 CONNECT 22 TWEET LINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Is Amazon.com stretched too thin? The company that has come to define e-commerce has reported over $1 billion in losses this year, and projects losses in the coming quarter could top $500 million.
Amazon, which has expanded from its e-tailer roots into a maker of its own products--and now TV shows took, had a huge belly flop with its first smartphone, the Fire, released this summer. Amazon took a nasty $170 million write down for the phone, and is sitting on millions of dollars of unsold inventory.
Where does Amazon go from here?
In this week's podcast, fellow USA TODAY tech columnist Ed Baig and I weigh in on Amazon's venture into phones and other hardware, its foray into physical retail and where it should concentrate its efforts from here.
Follow Ed Baig and Jefferson Graham on Twitter
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1woTUsB
USA NOW
American journalist Luke Somers killed in failed rescue
Dec 06, 2014

Hyundai Motor profit falls on firm currency  lower salesHyundai Motor profit falls on firm currency  lower sales
Pentagon Believes North Korea Made Nuclear-Arms AdvancePentagon Believes North Korea Made Nuclear-Arms Advance
A Periyar follower  first Tamil actor to turn topoliticsS S Rajendran was born in 1928
Written by Arun Janardhanan | Chennai | Posted: October 25, 2014 2:34 am | Updated: October 25, 2014 9:57 am
Way back in 1964, on Independence Day, Tamil film star S S Rajendran, the first Tamil hero who tried his luck in politics and contested an election, raised eyebrows when he hoisted a black flag at his residence at Eldom’s Road in Chennai. Within a few minutes, police rushed to his residence to take him into custody. SSR, as he was familiarly known, did not oblige. By the time police could start to search his three-storey bungalow, SSR was seen on the terrace with a microphone in his left hand and a revolver in the other. Raising his revolver, he declared over the microphone that his residence is his personal property and that he has every right not to celebrate Independence of the country. He asked the police to vacate his compound or face consequences. Police, under the direction of then chief minister M Bhaktavatsalam, withdrew amidst raised slogans from Dravida Kazhagam cadres. Superstar SSR who became a hero in real life passed away Friday morning. He was 85. He is survived by two wives and eight children.
Sometime in August 2013, an ailing SSR recalled this story from an era when the DK party was the nerve point of Tamil Nadu politics. “After Independence, I was active in politics. Despite getting freedom in 1947, we believed the actual independence is yet to come and the state continues to suppress people’s movements. Those days, as a political decision, party workers would pin black badges and boycott any celebrations on Independence Day,” he said.
A strong follower of Periyar and rationalist ideology, he joined DMK and contested from Theni in 1962. Despite his failure in the first election, he played a major role in building the party in southern districts and acted in several propaganda movies of Dravidian ideology. Later, he joined AIADMK and won the election from Andipatti constituency in the 1981 assembly election. However, towards the end of his life, he was a strong critic of M Karunanidhi and DMK’s family politics. He has acted in over 50 Tamil films including Parasakti, Poompuhar and Manimagudam.

School where 3-year-old girl was assaulted foundillegalPrint
By: Express News Service | Bangalore | Posted: October 25, 2014 2:30 am
A secretary of Sri Gowtham Academy of General and Technical Education Society, which runs the Orchids International School where a three-year-old nursery student was allegedly sexually assaulted, was arrested by the Bangalore police Friday for cheating the state, students and their parents by running the school without government recognition.
The fact that the school was being run without clearance was discovered only after the sexual assault complaint, police claimed.
A case of cheating was filed by the Deputy Director of Public Instructions, Department of Education, H B Manjunath, against the society, its president K Durga and three other office bearers. Based on the complaint, police registered a case of cheating under the Right of Children to Free and Compulsory Education Act, 2009. K R K Reddy, secretary of the society, has been arrested, joint commissioner of police (crime) Hemanth Nimbalkar said.

PGA of America president sacked for  insensitive  remarksPGA of America president sacked for  insensitive  remarks
The Skin Care Solutions Revealed At Beautyplethora.ComThe Skin Care Solutions Revealed At Beautyplethora.Com
Ottawa Gunman Identifiedreddit
The gunman in a fatal shooting that rocked Ottawa on Wendesday has been identified.
Canadian officials told the AP that the shooter, who killed a soldier and wounded two other people near the Canadian Parliament building, is Michael Zehaf-Bibeau.
Zehaf-Bibeau, 32, was from Quebec and had recently converted to Islam, U.S. sources told Reuters. According to the Globe and Mail, he had been designated a "high-risk traveler" by Canadian officials and was barred from traveling outside the country.
After police chased him inside the Parliament building, Zehaf-Bibeau was killed by Sgt. at Arms Kevin Vickers.
Witnesses told the AP that Zehaf-Bibeau was wearing a scarf over his face when he opened fire in front of the Canadian War Memorial, which is across the street from Parliament.
The Canadian Broadcast Company released an image purported to be of the gunman:
BREAKING | This is a photo of Michael Zehaf-Bibeau, gunman in this morning's shootings in Ottawa. #cbcOTT #OTTnews pic.twitter.com/OLSxlYPelj
— CBC Ottawa (@CBCOttawa) October 22, 2014
An Ottawa police spokesman told HuffPost that the police were looking for at least one other suspect. However, in a press conference later on Wednesday, officials declined to say if there were multiple possible shooters.
Wednesday's shooting quickly sparked terrorism fears. Just two days earlier, a Quebec man suspected of ties to radical Islam killed one soldier and wounded another with his car before being killed by police. As Reuters pointed out, Martin Couture-Rouleau, the attacker, was one of 90 people being monitored by Canadian national police over extremist beliefs.
Earlier this month, NBC News reported that the Canadian government was monitoring "hundreds of people" that it suspected could be planning to join ISIS. Anonymous officials told NBC that they were aware of several threats from ISIS supporters, but they said that none were substantial.
CORRECTION: An earlier version of this article stated incorrectly that the suspect behind an attack earlier this week was Saint-Jean-sur-Richelieu. The actual suspect was Martin Couture-Rouleau , according to Reuters.
Related on HuffPost:

Harte Hanks Announces 3rd Quarter 2014 Financial Results Conference CallHarte Hanks Announces 3rd Quarter 2014 Financial Results Conference Call
False  Emergency  TV Warning Sent to Some AT&T U-verse Subscribersfalse  emergency  tv warning sent to some at&t u-verse subscribers
AT&T U-verse customers in several states received an erroneous emergency warning on Friday morning.at&t u-verse customers in several states received an erroneous emergency warning on friday morning.
Terror attacks in Egypt kill 31 soldiersTerror attacks in Egypt kill 31 soldiers
2 names like those of UPA ministers  but unverified anddeniedPrint
Written by Appu Esthose Suresh | New Delhi | Posted: October 25, 2014 3:45 am
Two names in the HSBC list are similar to those of two former UPA ministers. Both names are in the category of 210 account holders whose identities have not yet been established by the Income-Tax Department.
The Indian Express spoke to the two former ministers and both denied holding any such account.
Last Tuesday, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said revelations in the list could embarrass the Congress. In an interview to Times Now, when he was asked if he was not denying that there could be a minister from the UPA government in the list, Jaitley said: “I am neither confirming nor denying, I am only smiling.”
Meanwhile, former Finance Minister P Chidambaram, responding to a question on the possibility of names of Congress politicians in the list, told NDTV: “If there is a name of a former minister, it will embarrass that person… the party won’t be. He (minister) is not keeping that account for the party; the party did not authorise him to keep that account. These are individual transgressions.”
Chidambaram said he had no knowledge of names in the list. “I did not ask to see nor was I shown the names. So whose name is there, I don’t know,” he said, adding that the government should just release the names instead of showing “promos”.

U.S. military starts training its Ebola rapid-response teamU.S. military starts training its Ebola rapid-response team
Irda slaps fine on ICICI LombardIrda slaps fine on ICICI Lombard
Finance ministry clears 20 FDI proposalsFinance ministry clears 20 FDI proposals
Ex-Bank of New York Mellon employee pleads guilty to insider tradingEx-Bank of New York Mellon employee pleads guilty to insider trading
Funeral Held For Canadian Soldier Killed in Parliament Shootingfuneral held for canadian soldier killed in parliament shooting
Virginia police identify remains found last week as those of missing collegestudentPrint
By: Reuters | Virginia | Posted: October 25, 2014 3:56 am
A Virginia medical examiner has identified human remains found last week as those of missing University of Virginia student Hannah Graham, police said on Friday.
Searchers discovered the remains on Oct. 18 on abandoned property near Charlottesville, Virginia, site of the university campus. Graham, a sophomore, was last seen on Sept. 13, and a Charlottesville man, Jesse Matthew Jr., has been charged in her disappearance.
The Medical Examiner’s Office in Richmond “has confirmed that these are the remains of Hannah Graham, 18, of Fairfax, Va.,” the Albemarle County Police Department said in a statement.
“Our thoughts and prayers go out to the Graham family and Hannah’s friends during this incredibly difficult time.”
Matthew, 32, was also charged this week with a 2005 sexual assault in Fairfax. Virginia State Police have said forensic evidence also links Matthew to Morgan Harrington, a Virginia Tech student who disappeared after leaving a Charlottesville concert in October 2009. Her body was discovered in 2010.

Festive season fails to cheer real estateFestive season fails to cheer real estate
One killed  four injured in Washington school shootingOne killed  four injured in Washington school shooting
Microsoft drops Nokia name from Lumia smartphones  new devices will be branded  Microsoft LumiaOct 25, 2014 at 07:47am IST
Microsoft drops Nokia name from Lumia smartphones, new devices will be branded 'Microsoft Lumia'
39
1
Washington: US software giant Microsoft said it will now start selling Lumia smartphones as 'Microsoft Lumia' device instead of calling them Nokia Lumia.
"Our global and local websites are going through a transition as we speak and in the coming days our social channels will get a new name too ? they will be called Microsoft Lumia," Microsoft's Senior Vice President of Marketing for Phones Tuula Rytila said on a blog.
"We have now started the transition from Nokia Lumia to Microsoft Lumia," the company said.
Microsoft which has a 10-year license to use the Nokia brand, will retain Nokia brand name for entry level phones.
#nokia lumia #microsoft lumia #microsoft #nokia
The move comes within 6 month of Microsoft acquiring Finnish telecom company Nokia's mobile device business for about USD 7.5 billion. The deal was completed on April 25, 2014.
Rytila did not share timeline for launching Lumia device without Nokia brand name but said "we are looking forward to unveiling a Microsoft Lumia device soon. This is of course a natural progression as all devices that once came from Nokia now come from Microsoft."
Microsoft, however, will retain Nokia brand name for entry level phones.
"Microsoft will continue to sell Nokia-branded, entry-level category of phones, such as the Nokia 130. We have licensed the Nokia brand for such devices," Rytila said.
Microsoft has a 10-year license to use the Nokia brand on current and subsequently developed mobile phones from the date it acquired Finnish mobile devices company.
268

Indian Air Force personnel  families asked not to use Xiaomi phonesOct 25, 2014 at 07:45am IST
Indian Air Force personnel, families asked not to use Xiaomi phones
27
1
New Delhi: IAF personnel and their families have been asked not to use Chinese 'Xiaomi Redmi 1s' phones on the grounds that data was allegedly transferred to their servers in China and it could be a security risk, a charge denied by the company.
"F-secure, a leading security solution company, recently carried out a test of Xiaomi Redmi 1s, the company's budget smartphone, and found that the phone was forwarding carrier name, phone number, IMEI (the device identifier) plus numbers from address book and text messages back to Beijing," says an advisory issued by the IAF to its personnel.
The note, issued some weeks ago, has been prepared by the intelligence unit based on the inputs from Indian Computer Emergency Response Team (CERT-In), according to IAF sources.
An IAF advisory says that using Xiaomi phones could be a security risk, a charge denied by the Chinese company.
#indian air force #xiaomi #xiaomi redmi 1s #china
The company in a statement to PTI said though it does not have full information about the IAF circular, it believes that the advisory is based on events about two months ago.
"We believe, it refers to the F-Secure test done on the Redmi 1S in July 2014 about the activation of our Cloud Messaging service by default.
"We immediately addressed the concerns raised by F-Secure.
We scheduled an OTA system update on August 10 to implement a change, which ensured that all the users had to manually activate the Cloud services, instead of being activated by default.
"After the upgrade, new users or users who factory reset their devices can enable the service by 'settings' section.
Once users have activated the services, they also have an option to turn it off at any point of time," the company said.
It added that this change was directly acknowledged by F-Secure four days later, when they confirmed that their concerns were addressed.
However, the circular is dated post the event and mentions other details besides the concerns raised by F-Secure.
The company said it does not collect any information without user information.
In a general statement two days ago, the company had said it was fully committed to storing its users' data securely at all times. Xiaomi said it is migrating some data on non-Chinese customers away from its servers in Beijing due to performance and privacy considerations.
It said that earlier this year, its e-commerce engineering teams started migrating its global e-commerce platforms and user data for all international users from their Beijing data centres to Amazon AWS data centres in California (USA) and Singapore.
This migration process will be completed by the end of October and will benefit users in all of our international markets - Hong Kong, India, Indonesia, Malaysia, Philippines, Singapore, and Taiwan, it said.
Incidentally, the Taiwanese government is investigating whether Xiaomi Inc is a cyber security threat due to privacy issues.
120

Suspect arrested in death of two California deputiesA suspect was arrested Friday afternoon after two sheriff's deputies were killed during a series of shootings.
By: Associated Press | California | Posted: October 25, 2014 6:06 am
A suspect was arrested Friday afternoon after two sheriff’s deputies were killed during a series of shootings that spanned about six hours across two California counties. A third deputy and a bystander were also shot during the spree.
Marcelo Marquez, 34, was taken alive Friday afternoon from a home in Auburn after the initial shooting hours earlier in a Sacramento commercial area, Placer County Sheriff’s spokeswoman Dena Erwin said.
“This guy was on a one-man crime spree today. He has no idea of the damage he did,” she said.
The four shootings sparked a massive manhunt by multiple agencies backed by search dogs, helicopters and armored vehicles. Residents nearby were told to stay indoors and schools were locked down during the search.
A woman who was with the suspect was also taken into custody in Placer County and authorities said she had a handgun in her purse.
Erwin said the officer who died was shot with an AR-15-type assault weapon, and the other officer was shot in the arm and was expected to survive.
Sacramento County Sheriff Scott Jones said at an afternoon news conference that Deputy Danny Oliver, 47, was killed after he approached a suspicious vehicle in a motel parking lot Friday morning and was shot in the forehead at close range. Oliver was a 15-year veteran who leaves behind a wife and two daughters.
Jones did not know a motive. Oliver was the first county deputy killed since 2008.
“He was not able to return fire or do anything,” Jones said. He said Oliver’s partner was able to shoot back as the vehicle fled the scene.
“We live as a family, today we grieve as a family,” Jones said.
The suspect then shot a male driver who refused to hand over his car keys during an attempted carjacking, officials said.
Erwin said two deputies from her department were later shot in Auburn, about 30 miles (48 kilometers) north of Sacramento, as the manhunt continued. She did not immediately release the deputies’ names or other identifying information.
Marquez was taken to a hospital before he could be booked into jail, Erwin said.

Car smashes Commandments statue  US man detainedA man admitted driving a car onto Oklahoma's state Capitol grounds overnight and into a disputed granite monument.
Posted: October 25, 2014 4:44 am | Updated: October 25, 2014 4:45 am
Authorities took a man into custody Friday after they say he admitted driving a car onto Oklahoma’s state Capitol grounds overnight and into a disputed granite monument of the Ten Commandments, smashing it to pieces.
The man was detained after he showed up at a federal building in Oklahoma City Friday morning, rambling and making derogatory statements about the president, and admitted destroying the monument, said David Allison, an agent with the US Secret Service in Oklahoma City.
“He claimed he got out of his car, urinated on the monument, and then ran over it and destroyed it,” Allison said. “He said Satan told him to do it, and that he was a Satanist.”
The man was turned over to the Oklahoma Highway Patrol for questioning, Allison said. A spokesman for the patrol didn’t immediately return a phone call seeking information about the man.
The 6-foot (1.8-meter)-tall monument was erected in 2012 with the blessing of Oklahoma’s conservative Legislature. The American Civil Liberties Union of Oklahoma has been suing to have it removed, arguing that it violates the Oklahoma Constitution and could be seen as a state endorsement of a religion.
Gov. Mary Fallin called it an “appalling” act of vandalism and volunteered to help raise private funds to restore it.
The ACLU sued on behalf of a minister and others who allege the monument’s location violates the state constitutional ban on using public property to support “any sect, church, denomination or system of religion.”
A judge ruled last month that the monument does not violate the Oklahoma Constitution, and ACLU attorneys filed an appeal with the state Supreme Court.
Ryan Kiesel, the ACLU of Oklahoma’s executive director, said he and his clients are “outraged” that the monument was vandalized.
The monument’s placement has led others to seek their own on the Capitol grounds, including a group that earlier this year unveiled designs for a 7-foot (2.1-meter)-tall statue of Satan. Other requests have been made from a Hindu leader in Nevada and the satirical Church of the Flying Spaghetti Monster.

Tribune Content Agency bullish on Terry SavageTribune Content Agency bullish on Terry Savage
posted on
Tweet
Terry Savage
Terry Savage, the nationally known expert on personal finance, the stock market and the economy, is the latest veteran of the Sun-Times to be welcomed inside Tribune Tower.
The former Sun-Times columnist and author this week was added to the roster of contributors to the Tribune Content Agency, the syndication and licensing unit of Tribune Publishing.
“We couldn’t be happier to have Terry join our family,” John Barron, editor and general manager at Tribune Content Agency, said in a statement. “Her breadth of knowledge, her ability to simplify complicated topics, and her compelling writing style will attract and engage a wide variety of readers.”
Savage, 69, joins a lineup of prominent money mavens, including Chicago Tribune personal finance columnist Gail MarksJarvis, whose column is part of Tribune News Service. Other Tribune Content Agency offerings include CBS News senior business analyst Jill Schlesinger’s “Jill on Money” column, “Kiplinger’s Money Power” features, and “The Savings Game” column, written by Elliot Raphaelson and Anya Kamenetz.
She also will appear at noon Wednesdays on Bob Sirott and Marianne Murciano’s “Business Lunch” on Tribune Media news/talk WGN AM 720.
A staple of the Sun-Times for 25 years, Savage’s personal finance column was dropped in 2013 after losing the sponsorship of Fifth Third Bank. At the time, Sun-Times editor Jim Kirk told Crain’s Chicago Business her column no longer fit with the paper’s emphasis on “covering local business leaders,” adding: “It was a strategic decision based on our desire to be more local.” She continued to write for Huffington Post and her eponymous website.
It’s a winning week for Savage: On Friday she receives the 2014 Sarah Brown Boyden Lifetime Achievement Award from the Chicago Journalists Association at its 75th anniversary dinner. Savage began as a stockbroker and became a trader at the Chicago Board Options Exchange and Chicago Mercantile Exchange before turning full-time to print and broadcast journalism.
PREVIOUS POST

For info panel chief  mere seniority wont do this time  Govt invitesnamesIt is understood that the NDA government is not keen to appoint Vijay Sharma.
Written by Shyamlal Yadav | Posted: October 25, 2014 4:04 am
In a clear departure from convention, the Department of Personnel and Training (DoPT) Friday sought applications for the post of Chief Information Commissioner at the Central Information Commission, which is the nodal agency for RTI queries.
Since the post was created with the enactment of the RTI Act and the appointment of Wajahat Habibullah in October 2005, this is for the first time that the senior-most Information Commissioner is not being appointed to the top job.
The post has been lying vacant since August 23 when Rajiv Mathur retired. And, according to the norm followed so far, the next occupant should have been Vijay Sharma. However, it is understood that the NDA government is not keen to appoint him.
The DoPT circular notified Friday has sought applications till November 24. It added that according to the RTI Act, the “CIC must be persons of eminence in public life with wide knowledge and experience in law, science and technology, social service, management, journalism, mass media or administration and governance”.
The DoPT is already processing the applications it has received for three vacancies for the post of Information Commissioner for which several serving and retired bureaucrats have also applied, as reported by The Indian Express on October 1.

Asia aid bank opens accountAsia aid bank opens account
Dave Thomas is new MD of Adidas IndiaDave Thomas is new MD of Adidas India
Aditya Birla Group forms JV with S. African firmAditya Birla Group forms JV with S. African firm
Centre approves 20 FDI proposals amounting to over 988 crore rupeesCentre approves 20 FDI proposals amounting to over 988 crore rupees
CVS To Charge Some Customers More For Using Pharmacies That Sell Cigarettesreddit
It may soon be cheaper to fill your prescriptions at CVS than at Walgreens.
That's because Caremark, a subsidiary of CVS Health that manages prescriptions for insurance companies and employers, plans to start charging some customers more to fill prescriptions at pharmacies that also sell cigarettes and other tobacco products. The added copay could cost as much as $15.
The company is developing a "tobacco-free network" that will start next year and include CVS and Target as well as other local and regional pharmacies that don't sell tobacco, CVS spokesperson Carolyn Castel told The Huffington Post.
Large employers that use Caremark as a pharmacy benefit manager will decide whether or not to opt in to the network. If they opt in, their employees will be charged extra to fill prescriptions at pharmacies that still sell tobacco. The company would provide customers with a list of tobacco-free pharmacies and copays would vary, Castel noted.
The city of Philadelphia will be the the first large employer to opt in to the network. As of January, city employees will be charged more for filling prescriptions at pharmacies that sell tobacco, Castel told HuffPost.
The news comes a little over a month after CVS rebranded itself as CVS Health -- and announced it would no longer sell tobacco products. The change will cost the company about $2 billion in revenue, it said.
Caremark's decision could help grow CVS's business, as customers seek lower prices, and pressure rivals Walgreens and Rite Aid to also ban tobacco products. Castel wouldn't comment on how many customers would be impacted by the new policy or how much more revenue CVS expects to bring in as a result of the added copays.
Caremark is one of the largest pharmacy benefit managers in the country with 54,000 pharmacies in its network and 63 million members as of 2013.
According to new research published by the JAMA Network Monday, some customers who suffer from illnesses associated with smoking tobacco like asthma or high blood pressure sometimes purchase cigarettes at the same pharmacies where they pick up their medication. The study, which was financed by an unrestricted grant from CVS to Brigham and Women’s Hospital, found that six percent of Caremark customers taking medication for asthma or chronic obstructive pulmonary disease made at least one cigarette purchase at the same time.
More:

How Not To Manage An Introvertreddit
Do you supervise individuals that would describe themselves as an introvert? If the answer is "yes," you may want to take a moment to examine how you manage them. In many cases, we hold misconceptions about introversion, which can lead to ill-fated supervisory decisions. I'd like to point you in the right direction.
While many people confuse being introverted with shyness, introversion is in fact about how an individual handles stimulation. (Introverts will likely feel over-stimulated sooner than an extrovert.) Those on the introverted end of the introversion-extroversion continuum require a slightly different set of workplace conditions to excel -- and it is not difficult to become more sensitive to their needs. Small changes in management and workplace elements can transact into an environment that is more conducive to success.
A few things to re-think:
Putting them on the spot. It would be misguided to expect an opinion from an introvert at the "drop of the hat". One hallmark of introversion is the need to sit with one's thoughts and process information. If you offer an introvert a period of time to process, you'll likely take full advantage of their vantage point and skill set.
Publicly recognizing them. Stop yourself. Really. Many introverts would rather jump off a cliff than have attention shifted in their direction without notice. If they are about to to receive an award or accolade, let them know what you are planning ahead of time. They'll appreciate the gesture and have time to prepare.
That they dislike teams. Introverts are not against teaming or social interaction -- they would just prefer to manage this and contribute on their own terms. This means time to ruminate over issues on the table and providing bit of a lull before they will jump into the conversation. Teaming can become a challenge, in direct opposition to how they would normally approach their work . So be sure to offer opportunities for introverts to start the idea generation process before team meetings and limit over-stimulation.
Open offices. Never underestimate the power of a quiet space. (You don't have to be an introvert to appreciate a calm environment in which to process information.) Incorporating spaces within your office design that allow for quiet and privacy is always a wise move. ( Read more about that here. ) Someone leaning toward the introverted side of the continuum will be forever grateful.
That they have nothing to say. Wrong. By nature introverts can be less likely to share their thoughts, which makes it even more important to open the lines of communication regularly. Send them an e-mail, asking how their projects are progressing. Set up a weekly "touch base" meeting. They can reflect on their work and respond fully on their own terms.
That introverts cannot lead. Truth be told, you'll be overlooking a lot of potential. Recent research has shown that introverts may be more open to differences in opinion than their extroverted colleagues. As a result, they are more likely to make informed decisions. In fact, it has been shown their hesitancy to monopolize the conversation, can make them powerful team members. Sounds like leadership material to me.
Are you an introvert? What workplace conditions help you to excel?
Dr. Marla Gottschalk is an Industrial/Organizational Psychologist, consultant and speaker. She is the Director of Thought Leadership at Kilberry Leadership Advisors , Toronto. She also writes The Office Blend .
Follow Marla Gottschalk, Ph.D. on Twitter: www.twitter.com/MRGottschalk
More:

Obama s Inversion Crackdown Not Enough To Keep Chiquita In Americareddit
It was the best of times, it was the worst of times for companies to dodge taxes by moving to Ireland.
So far, results have been mixed for new Treasury Department rules designed to thwart deals known as "tax inversions," in which a U.S. company buys a company in Ireland or some other low-tax locale and moves its headquarters there to cut its tax bill.
Banana giant Chiquita on Tuesday stuck by a plan to merge with Irish rival Fyffes and relocate from Charlotte, North Carolina, to Ireland in one such deal. This came less than a week after Chicago-based pharmaceutical maker AbbVie abandoned a similar bid to buy Irish firm Shire specifically because of the new Treasury Department rules.
Chiquita's decision to press on with its inversion underscored the limitations of the new Treasury rules and the need for stricter laws that could raise more serious obstacles to inversions.
“We need stronger legislation that is more of a deterrent to do these deals by making it less lucrative to do these kinds of things,” Roger Hickey, the co-director of the nonprofit Campaign for America’s Future, told The Huffington Post on Tuesday. “We’re going to be pressuring Congress to act as soon as possible because we’re convinced that we don’t want to be doing this company by company.”
One way the new Treasury rules were effective was in prohibiting a scheme known as a " hopscotch loan ," a way for multinational companies to tap cash held overseas by foreign subsidiaries without having to pay taxes on it. This strategy was a major reason for companies with a lot of money stashed abroad to go through an inversion deal. AbbVie’s inversion plans -- reportedly driven by the fact that a “ significant portion ” of its $10.2 billion in cash is stowed away overseas -- were dashed after the Treasury announced its new guidelines on Sept. 22.
But “ earnings stripping ,” another strategy used to shrink a company's U.S. tax bill, is still intact under the new rules. This is when a company with headquarters overseas lends a bunch of money to its U.S. subsidiary. Then, every time the U.S. subsidiary turns a profit, it sends that profit to its foreign headquarters as interest payments on the money it owes. Interest payments are partially tax-deductible under the U.S. tax code, so under that strategy, much of the company's U.S. profit is untaxed.
This means that under current law, ChiquitaFyffes -- the proposed new Irish parent company -- will be able to load the U.S.-based Chiquita up with debt, then wipe out most of its U.S. profits by absorbing them as interest payments on loans. Chiquita has only about $1.7 billion in cash overseas , so the end of hopscotch loans shouldn't bother it much. With earnings stripping still legal, Chiquita still has a financial incentive to go ahead with its inversion deal.
"In America, it’ll be making half of the payments it should be making to the American government because it’s making interest payments on the loans from the new foreign parent, which is really to itself," Frank Clemente, the executive director of the nonprofit Americans for Tax Fairness, told HuffPost.
Chiquita spokesman Steve Himes did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
To close this particular loophole, the Obama administration may need Congress’s legislative muscle. But that would mean going against the interests of Wall Street banks, which have raked in about $1 billion in fees on inversion deals in the past three years, according to Rebecca Wilkins, a senior counsel at the nonprofit Citizens for Tax Justice.
Given the cozy relationship between Wall Street power-brokers and the Republican Party, and the need for Democrats to raise money from those same financial giants, a strong legislative crackdown on other inversion incentives seems unlikely.
“In order for any legislation to get through Congress, they’ll have to stand up to multinationals and Wall Street,” Wilkins told HuffPost. “No to be cynical but,” she laughed, “I don’t know about that.”
More:

Cigarette Company Finally Bans Workers From Smoking At Their DesksCigarette Company Finally Bans Workers From Smoking At Their Desks
 | By                                                                MICHAEL FELBERBAUM
Updated:
10/22/2014  6:59 pm EDT
SAN FRANCISCO, CA - JULY 11:  Camel cigarettes, manufactured by Reynolds Amercian, are displayed at a tobacco shop on July 11, 2014 in San Francisco, California. Tobacco giant Reynolds American is reportedly in talks with rival Lorillard Inc. in what is expected to be a multi-billion dollar deal.  (Photo by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images) | Justin Sullivan via Getty Images
reddit
RICHMOND, Va. (AP) — Camel cigarette maker Reynolds American Inc. is snuffing out smoking in its offices and buildings.
The nation's second-biggest tobacco company informed employees Wednesday that beginning next year, the use of traditional cigarettes, cigars or pipes will no longer be permitted at employee desks or offices, conference rooms, hallways and elevators. Lighting up already is prohibited on factory floors and in cafeterias and fitness centers.
The no-smoking policy will go into effect once Reynolds builds indoor smoking areas for those still wanting to light up indoors, spokesman David Howard said.
"We believe it's the right thing to do and the right time to do it because updating our tobacco use policies will better accommodate both non-smokers and smokers who work in and visit our facilities," Howard said. "We're just better aligning our tobacco use policies with the realities of what you're seeing in society today."
While Reynolds will no longer allow smoking, it will allow the use of smokeless tobacco products, including electronic cigarettes, moist snuff and pouches of finely milled tobacco called snus (pronounced "snoose").
The company also will allow the use of Eclipse, a cigarette made by Reynolds that uses a carbon tip that heats tobacco after being lit by a lighter. First released in the mid-1990s, Eclipse is in limited distribution and one of the top-selling brands in the cafeteria at the company's Winston-Salem, North Carolina, headquarters.
The percentage of Reynolds' 5,200 employees that smoke is in line with the smoking rate in the U.S. That is about 18 percent of adults, according to the federal Centers of Disease Control and Prevention.
Through its subsidiaries, Reynolds American also makes Pall Mall cigarettes, Grizzly smokeless tobacco and Vuse-branded electronic cigarettes.
Altria Group Inc., the Richmond, Virginia-based owner of the nation's biggest cigarette maker, Philip Morris USA, doesn't allow smoking on factory floors and in places like elevators or hallways, said spokesman David Sylvia. Employees with separate offices can smoke in them, but otherwise the company has designated smoking areas in office buildings, conference areas and cafeterias, he said.
___
Michael Felberbaum can be reached at http://www.twitter.com/MLFelberbaum.
More:

Forces Fighting ISIS In Kobani Set For Serious BoostIraqi Kurds Approved To Join Fight Against ISIS In Kobani
 | By                                                                BRAM JANSSEN and ZEINA KARAM
Posted:
Updated:
10/22/2014  4:59 pm EDT
A Kurdish Peshmerga fighter man a firing position on the front line in the Gwer district, 40 kilometres south of Arbil, the capital of the Kurdish autonomous region in northern Iraq, on October 5, 2014. In a statement, US Central Command said the US military carried out three air strikes in Syria on Saturday, while fighter jets, bombers and helicopters were used in six assaults against the Islamic State group in Iraq on Sunday. AFP PHOTO/SAFIN HAMED        (Photo credit should read SAFIN HAMED/A | SAFIN HAMED via Getty Images
reddit
IRBIL, Iraq (AP) — Lawmakers in Iraq's largely autonomous Kurdish region Wednesday authorized peshmerga forces to go to neighboring Syria and help fellow Kurds combat Islamic State militants in the key border town of Kobani, providing much-needed boots on the ground.
The unprecedented deployment will almost certainly depend on the support of Turkey, whose president criticized a U.S. airdrop of arms to Kurdish fighters after some of the weapons wound up in the hands of the extremists.
Turkey, which has riled Kurdish leaders and frustrated Washington by refusing to allow fighters or weapons into Kobani, said this week it would help Iraqi Kurdish fighters cross into Syria to help their brethren against the militants, who also are being attacked by a U.S.-led campaign of airstrikes.
But it is not clear how many fighters will be allowed in or whether they will be allowed to carry enough weapons to make an impact.
The Kurds of Syria and Iraq have become a major focal point in the war against the Islamic State group, with Kurdish populations in both countries coming under significant threat by the militants' lightning advance.
Lt. Gen. Frederick Hodges, the outgoing commander of NATO's Land Command in Izmir, Turkey, said the Turks have agreed to open up "a land bridge of sorts" so that the peshmerga can get into Kobani to help with the fighting there.
"It seems to me that between the United States, Turkey and other countries, they are figuring out what is permissible to make sure that ISIL is not successful and that it is something that Turkey can live with," he added, using an acronym for the group.
Anwar Muslim, a Kobani-based senior Kurdish official, praised the parliament's decision, saying "all help is welcome." He said there seemed to be a solidifying international push to help Kobani combat the militants.
"The next days will show the seriousness" of the Turks, he said.
In August, Syrian and Iraqi Kurds took part in cross-border operations to help rescue tens of thousands of displaced people from the Yazidi minority group under threat by the IS militants in Iraq's Sinjar Mountains.
The fight in Kobani has also grabbed the world's attention and raised sympathy for the outgunned Kurds.
The overwhelming vote in the Kurdish parliament to send fighters to Kobani underscored growing cooperation between Kurds in these countries and marked a first mission for the peshmerga outside Iraq.
Hoshyar Zebari, a Kurdish politician and Iraq's long-serving foreign minister, told Al-Arabiya TV the decision was "part of an understanding" reached between Kurdish, Turkish and U.S. officials to provide military aid to Kobani.
"This is a big turning point in Kurdish history," said Youssef Mohammed, the speaker of parliament. "Troops used to be sent to occupy Kurdish lands, but now we are sending soldiers to protect our Kurdish brothers abroad," he said.
There were few details about the fighting force, however, and Kurdish officials said they would be worked out later.
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan said the United States made a mistake in airdropping weapons to Kurdish fighters in Kobani earlier this week because some of the weapons ended up in IS hands.
"It turns out that what was done was wrong," he said, according to Turkey's private Dogan news agency.
The Turkish government is reluctant to aid the Syrian Kurdish forces — the People's Protection Units, or YPG — because it views them as an extension of the Kurdistan Workers' Party, or PKK, which has waged a 30-year insurgency in Turkey and is designated a terrorist group by the U.S. and NATO.
The Pentagon confirmed that IS militants were able to seize one of the 28 bundles of weapons and medical supplies intended for Kurdish fighters. Col. Steve Warren said it appears the wind caused the parachute to go off-course, and that the weapons in the bundle were not enough to give the enemy any type of advantage.
A video uploaded by a media group loyal to the IS group showed the weapons seized included hand grenades, ammunition and rocket-propelled grenade launchers.
The caches were dropped early Monday to Kurds in embattled Kobani. Differences about how to defend Kobani have sparked tensions between Turkey and its NATO partners.
Turkey's decision to give Kurds passage to fight in Syria marked a shift in position, even though Ankara in recent years has built friendly ties with the leadership of the largely autonomous Iraqi Kurdish region.
Peshmerga spokesman Halgurd Hekmat in Irbil said there is still a lot of uncertainty on the details of the deployment, including how many forces will be sent and when.
"We're sending the peshmerga, not to become YPG but to fight alongside the YPG," Hekmat said. "We will send the peshmerga to do their job for as long as they're needed and to come back after that."
Hekmat said Iraqi forces will also provide weapons, but he did not say what kind.
Turkey is under pressure to take greater action against the IS militants — not only from the West but also from Kurds in Syria and Turkey who accuse Ankara of inaction while their people are slaughtered. Earlier this month across Turkey, widespread protests threatened to derail talks to end the PKK insurgency.
Sunni extremists of the Islamic State group, which has rampaged across Iraq and Syria, have been attacking Kobani for a month. The U.S. and its allies are assisting the Kurds with airstrikes targeting IS infrastructure in and around the town.
Meanwhile, Kurdish officials and doctors said they believed Islamic State militants had released some kind of toxic gas in a district in eastern Kobani.
Aysa Abdullah, a senior Kurdish official based in the town, said the attack took place late Tuesday, and that a number of people suffered symptoms that included dizziness and watery eyes. She and other officials said doctors lacked the equipment to determine what kinds of chemicals were used.
The reports could not be independently confirmed. Kurdish officials have made similar allegations before.
Also Wednesday, Syria's information minister said the country's air force destroyed two of three fighter jets seized and reportedly test-flown over Aleppo by the Islamic State group last week.
Omran al-Zoubi told Syrian TV late Tuesday that Syrian aircraft bombed the jets on the runway as they landed at Jarrah air base.
The Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reported that IS militants flew three MiG fighter jets with the help of former Iraqi air force pilots who were now members of the militant group. The report could not be independently confirmed, and U.S. officials said they had no reports of the militants flying jets.
The group is known to have seized warplanes from at least one air base captured from the Syrian army in Raqqa province earlier this year. Militant websites had posted photos of IS fighters with the warplanes, but it was unclear if they were operational.
___
Karam reported from Beirut. Associated Press writers Desmond Butler in Istanbul, Turkey, Albert Aji in Damascus, Syria, Lolita C. Baldor in Washington and Elena Becatoros in Suruc, Turkey, contributed reporting.
Also on HuffPost:

Canadian Soldier Killed In Ottawa Attack Identifiedreddit
The soldier killed in Wednesday's shootings near the Canadian Parliament in Ottawa has been identified as Cpl. Nathan Cirillo , the Globe and Mail reports.
According to CBC News, Cirillo was a 24-year-old reservist from Hamilton serving in  the Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders of Canada regiment.
Cpl. Cirillo was shot a little before 10 a.m. on Wednesday morning, when a masked gunman opened fire at the Ottawa Memorial where Cirillo was one of two reservists standing guard. The gunman then made his way to Parliament Hill, where he was killed by the sergeant-at-arms.
A photo posted by Nathan Cirillo (@ncitaly) on
Aug 8, 2014 at 10:11am PDT
Cpl. Nathan Cirillo
The Toronto Star reports that Cirillo had a young son.
"Nathan was a good man," Cirillo's friend Marie Michele told CBC News . "He would give anything to anyone," she added.
Just on Sunday, Twitter user Megan Underwood snapped a picture of Cirillo in full dress uniform while visiting the memorial with a friend.
On Sunday, we asked a very handsome guard for a picture with my friend visiting from Cali - RIP Nathan Cirillo pic.twitter.com/q80EZ6nwmo
— Megan Underwood (@megunder) October 22, 2014
Ottawa officials confirmed in a press conference on Wednesday afternoon that shots were fired at the National War Memorial and Parliament Hill. Officials also said that one male gunman was killed. An official later identified the man as Michael Zehaf-Bibeau. Officials would not confirm or deny reports of multiple suspects during the press conference.
Also on HuffPost:

Artist Organizes Community Gun Buyback In New Orleansreddit
The rate of children killed by gun violence in the United States is several times higher than that of any other wealthy nation, with black male teens facing an alarmingly high risk . In New Orleans' 8th Ward, the hazard is especially perilous, with virtually every family affected in some way by gun injury or death.
Artist and curator Kirsha Kaechele, who lived in the 8th Ward for a decade, has had enough. In an effort to change the trajectory of violence and youth, Kaechele is organizing a gun buyback for her New Orleans neighborhood, the largest gun buyback in New Orleans history. And it's all part of a living art installation, titled "The Embassy," imagined for the "The Embassy," imagined for the New Orleans' Prospect 3 Biennial (P3+ satellite event).
Kirsha Kaechele,  Sess 4-5, BigAce Boss CEO,  Tora Lopez, Mr. Serv On, Brandi and Betty Squad Gumbo Dancers. Photo by: Jonathan Traviesa
The buyback, presented by Tasmania's Museum of Old and New Art , will take place at Ace’s Car Wash & Sweet Shop on Saturday October 25, 2014. The installation, a collaboration between local artists, rappers and reverends, will exchange $75 for a working handgun, $150 for a working rifle, and $250 for working assault rifles, semi- and fully-automatics. The endeavor transforms an economic interaction into a work of public and participatory performance art, a grassroots movement exchanging violence for inspiration.
All sellers will remain anonymous and all guns will be destroyed by the police department. Local rappers including Mr. Serv-On, KLC, Hotboy Ronald, Sess 4-5, 5th Ward Weebie, Keedy Black, Katey Red and BigAce Ceo are all participating in the effort to end the violent cycle, creating a rap album with an anti-gun message. A block party will coincide with the buyback, incorporating dancers, opera singers and community artists into the celebration of creativity. Finally, artist Meghan Boody is promoting Saturday's buyback through a series of "No More Blood" billboards, depicting mothers who have lost their children.
We reached out to organizer Kaechele to learn more about the origins of the performance.
'No More Blood' by Meghan Boody
You describe "The Embassy" as a living art installation. What do you mean by this?
It's an art installation set in the world. Rather than being static it's dynamic, it's alive. I love to go to the great museums and look at work in traditional mediums but in terms of making it myself I love the unknown element of a living work. You don't really know what's going to happen.
How did this project begin?
I lived on the street where Ace’s Car Wash & Sweet Shop is, which is a very high violence area. I lived there for 10 years and ran a program for kids, where they had weekly classes and a garden. Through that experience I saw all these young boys die, constantly. It was so tragic.
There was someone very close to me, his name was Rashan, he was a very beautiful boy who wanted no part of the violence. He was shot. That was a big moment for me; it showed how unacceptable the conditions are for young men today. If you happen to be born in that neighborhood everything is stacked against you.
'No More Blood' by Meghan Boody
What about the specific idea to hold a gun buyback?
Well, I carried [Rashan's death] with me, and at the same time have this background where a bunch of libertarians helped raise me. So I've been infiltrated with libertarian values and this "don't tread on me" attitude toward the government. I always felt like it should be a personal choice to deal with the gun problem. Then I moved to Australia and everyone made fun of me for being libertarian about gun control. They thought it was so dysfunctional and couldn't even comprehend that anyone would support freedom around gun ownership. I couldn't marry these two realities: one where these boys are dying in these tragic and absurd frequencies and how to deal with the personal liberty issues of the second amendment.
And then I had a revelation: if we used private funds to circumvent second amendment problems we can create a libertarian-friendly gun law, essentially. I thought that was conceptually interesting. The Biennial was coming up, the New Orleans Biennial called Prospect 3. I thought it would be fascinating to run a gun buyback in my old neighborhood, engaging my neighbors, having a warm reunion with them, and presenting it as a work for the Biennial. It was the whole history with Rashan that inspired me, so I thought I would dedicate the project to him.
Betty Squad Gumbo Dancers by Jonathan Traviesa
How did the local rap community become involved?
The rappers were a natural part of the project because their voices are respected. No one wants to know what I have to say about putting down your gun. I don't have a history that allows me to relate to young men who are engaged with gun violence. Rappers, on the other hand, they're the local heroes. If they're the ones saying stop the killing, there is a chance their message will be heard.
How did you engage them in the project?
I just started showing up on their doorsteps, basically. I went to the carwash owned by Hot Boy Ronald. I told him my mission and he said "that's great, count me in." As soon as I explained what I was doing, everyone lit up and said they wanted to be a part of it. Enough is enough.
Do you have any plans for the guns obtained during the buyback?
Not specifically. The art is the act of buying the guns. It's the ritual, a performance piece. We are also engaging a Berkeley economist to model the buyback and its effects. We hope we can get some meaningful data about gun buybacks and whether they work, because really there hasn't been good analysis thus far. It's a grassroots buyback driven by members of the community that people look up to.
Betty Squad Gumbo Dancers by Jonathan Traviesa
What separates the New Orleans art scene from others around the country?
New Orleans art scene is excellent because it's not commercially driven. People do make art for the sake of art. They create for themselves and each other. I suppose in that way it's very pure and vital and not constrained by the practicalities of commercial art. Also, space is affordable, lifestyle is affordable in New Orleans. Artists can really live here and have the space to create and work. The materials that are available are endless and abundant. Because it's an old city, there's always scrap wood and various materials that artists are inspired by.
What do you hope to communicate through this project?
My hope is that the young men in the 8th Ward and the surrounding neighborhoods are inspired to trade killing for creativity. Through the relationships they've developed they decide they can move past the paradigm of gangsters and guns. Healing in the neighborhood, by the neighborhood.
Also on HuffPost:

Forex - EUR/USD gains on disappointing U.S. home sales dataOct 24, 2014, 09.04 PM IST  | Source: Investing.com
Forex - EUR/USD gains on disappointing U.S. home sales data
Forex - EUR/USD gains on disappointing U.S. home sales data
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Forex - EUR/USD gains on disappointing U.S. home sales data
Forex - EUR/USD gains on disappointing U.S. home sales data
Post your opinion here
 
Investing.com - Investing.com - The euro firmed against a softer dollar on Friday after data revealed that U.S. new home sales rose less than expected last month, which sent investors recalibrating timetables outlining when the Federal Reserve may raise interest rates next year.
In U.S. trading, EUR/USD was up 0.21% at 1.2674, up from a session low of 1.2635 and off a high of 1.2695.
The pair was likely to find support at 1.2612, Thursday's low, and resistance at 1.2840, Tuesday's high.
The dollar dipped after the Census Bureau reported earlier that U.S. new home sales rose 0.2% in September to 467,000 units, missing expectations for an increase to 470,000 units.
The August figure was downwardly revised to a 15.3% climb to 466,000 units from a previously estimated 18.0% jump to 504,000 units, and the data weakened the dollar against the euro, as while the Federal Reserve is widely seen closing its bond-buying program this week, the timing of rate hikes in 2015 remains unclear.
Still, the dollar didn't plunge, as a longer-range view of economic indicators still points to a sustained U.S. recovery, including in the housing sector.
Earlier in the week, the National Association of Realtors reported that U.S. existing home sales increased 2.4% to a 5.17 million units last month from 5.05 million in August. Analysts had expected existing home sales to rise 1% to 5.10 million units in September.
Meanwhile in Europe, upbeat homegrown data gave the euro added support.
The Gfk German consumer climate index rose to 8.5 in October from 8.4 in September, whose figure was revised up from a previously estimated reading of 8.3.
Analysts had expected the index to fall to 8.0 this month.
The single currency had also found support on Thursday after data showed that the euro zone saw a marginal uptick in business activity in October.
Research group Markit Economics reported that its preliminary manufacturing purchasing managers' index for the euro area ticked up to 50.7 this month from a final reading of 50.3 in September. Analysts had expected the index to slide to 49.9.
The service-sector PMI held steady at 52.4, slightly above expectations of 52.0.
Elsewhere, the euro was down against the pound, with EUR/GBP down 0.13% at 0.7879, and up against the yen, with EUR/JPY up 0.08% at 137.04.
In a preliminary report, the Office for National Statistics said U.K. gross domestic product rose 0.7% in the third quarter, in line with expectations, after a 0.9% increase in the three months to June.
Year-on-year, Britain's GDP rose at an annualized rate of 3.0% in the last quarter, also in line with expectations, down from a 3.2% growth rate in the second quarter.
Investing.com offers an extensive set of professional tools for the financial markets.
Read more News on Investing.com and download the new Investing.com apps for Android and iOS!

Shiv Sena MPs to attend PM s high tea; will Uddhav  Modi meetComments
Political circles are agog with speculation that PM Narendra Modi and Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray may meet when the former visits Mumbai on Saturday for the inauguration of a private hospital or at New Delhi on Sunday when the PM is hosting a dinner for NDA allies.
However, a Sena leader told PTI that Uddhav will not be attending the dinner on Sunday.
“The event that the PM is hosting is only for the MPs of NDA partners. When Uddhavji is not an MP, where is the question of him being invited? This is not even a question worth asking,” a senior Sena leader told PTI on the condition of anonymity.
 
Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray is greeted at a meeting with newly elected party MLAs at Sena Bhavan in Mumbai. (PTI Photo)
Observers are hoping for a breakthrough on government formation as Sena representatives are expected to officially meet senior BJP leader Rajnath Singh along with state representative JP Nadda in Mumbai.
For now, the Sena is placing its hopes for a fair deal on the talks initiated on Tuesday between senior Sena leaders Anil Desai and Subhash Desai with Union minister Dharmendra Pradhan and BJP MLC Chandrakant Patil.
After bagging 63 seats, a reluctant Sena offered the BJP its support to form the government.
“We have been talking on the lines of getting one-third of the ministries and even the position of the deputy chief minister,” a senior Sena leader said.
For now it looks that the BJP is not too keen to have a big cabinet and would also like to keep plum portfolios like home, finance, urban development, revenue and PWD with them.
This might create a problem in the berth sharing talks between the two.

Murali Lanka is Walmart India s COOMurali Lanka is Walmart India s COO
PM Modi congratulates TV channels for showing dirt on streets left by Diwali celebrationsOct 25, 2014 at 07:27am IST
PM Modi congratulates TV channels for showing dirt on streets left by Diwali celebrations
34
0
New Delhi: Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Friday congratulated TV channels for showing dirty streets after Diwali celebrations, saying telecasting such visuals would create awareness among people about the importance of cleanliness.
The Prime Minister, who launched the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan on October 2, also congratulated the people who participated in cleanliness drive after bursting fire crackers during Diwali.
"I saw several TV channels showing dirt left behind after crackers. I congratulate them for spreading awareness on importance of cleanliness," Modi wrote on micro blogging website after news channels aired visuals of filthy condition on streets after Diwali celebrations.
The Prime Minister also congratulated the people who participated in cleanliness drive after bursting fire crackers during Diwali.
"Several friends told me that a lot of people cleaned the areas where they burst crackers during Diwali. I congratulate them for the efforts," the Prime Minister tweeted.
33

Two dead  including gunman  at US high school: PoliceTwo dead  including gunman  at US high school: Police
Queen Elizabeth II sends her first tweet  triggers controversyOct 25, 2014 at 08:38am IST
Queen Elizabeth II sends her first tweet, triggers controversy
17
0
London: Queen Elizabeth II has sent her first tweet - though she kept things traditional, signing off with "Elizabeth R."
The 88-year-old monarch tried her hand at Twitter as she opened a new gallery Friday in central London's Science Museum, taking off a glove to press a tablet screen as 600 guests looked on. The message, "I hope people will enjoy visiting" the exhibition, was sent instantly through the official British monarchy account on the social media website.
"Elizabeth R" is how the queen signs official documents. The "R" stands for "regina," the Latin for queen.
Officials said the message came "personally" from the queen herself, although some eyebrows were raised about whether that was the case.
#twitter #queen elizabeth ii
Officials said the message came "personally" from the queen herself, although some eyebrows were raised about whether that was the case.
The message appeared to be typed ahead of time, and bizarrely appears to have been sent using the Twitter for iPhone app, even though video showed the queen was using an iPad or a similar tablet device. Officials wouldn't say if the queen personally wrote the message or comment on the electronic discrepancy.
"We're not going to go into the details," a Buckingham Palace spokesman said.
The queen does not have a personal Twitter account. Most members of the royal family do not tweet personally - they are represented by official accounts managed by spokespeople.
There are exceptions: Prince Andrew - the queen's second son - and his daughter Princess Beatrice both tweet in a personal capacity.
The Science Museum gallery, called "Information Age," explores the technological breakthroughs that have changed communication.
In 1976, the queen was the first monarch to send an email, doing so when the technology was in its infancy.
It is a pleasure to open the Information Age exhibition today at the @ScienceMuseum and I hope people will enjoy visiting.  Elizabeth R.

Innovation Earth: The Next Green Tech Townreddit
More than 300,000 people may have marched in Manhattan last month for a worldwide climate call-to-arms, but evidently we can't even get it together at the statewide -- let alone national -- let alone global level. A study released last week by the Georgetown Climate Center shows that less than half of U.S. states are preparing for the coming effects of climate change. (Full rundown of the study here, at the Los Angeles Times .)
Unbelievably, those unprepared include Louisiana, where coastline is fast disappearing and with it the area's natural protection against future super storms; and Texas, where temperatures are rising and the current drought is among the worst seen in 500 years .
This shouldn't come as a surprise, perhaps, since far too many U.S. governors still deny that climate change even exists ( see this disturbing map ). But it's enough to turn our hopes toward American cities, which seem unfazed by politics and focused only on the realities ahead.
Chicago is planting trees for a warming Midwestern climate . Phoenix is rethinking its sprawl . Boulder has a carbon tax . San Francisco has mandated food composting. My hometown of Los Angeles now requires all new and refurbished homes to have ' cool roofs . (Disclosure: I advise the organization that helped promote this policy.)
Some may argue that change is easier to effect on a smaller scale. But cities don't have the luxury of looking the other way. Sea-level rise now threatens 1,400 U.S. cities . At the same time, more of us are moving to urban areas than ever before.
These towns are smart to prepare for the worst. But the smartest among them are also preparing for the best, becoming hubs for green tech and innovation that can bolster a city's economy along with its resiliency.
One to watch: Asheville, North Carolina. Surrounded by the beautiful Blue Ridge Mountains and long a haven for artsy types and outdoorsy retirees, the city has had at its forefront a certain eco-consciousness (as well as climate preparedness; the city has an extensive 169-page Sustainability Management Plan in place). But now, the city is poised to cultivate a new generation of green tech startups, led by the efforts of Lazy Environmentalist Josh Dorfman .
That moniker refers to Dorfman's well known book and TV franchise; what you may not know is that Dorfman also has an MBA and a background bootstrapping startups, including GoodGuide and Amazon's VineMarket.com . (Clearly, the man is anything but lazy.)
Last fall, Dorfman moved to Asheville with his young family and thought it would be great to use his startup and media experience to help scale up an entrepreneur community in his newfound hometown. Not long after, the perfect opportunity came along: He was hired by the county as its new director of entrepreneurship.
The resulting effort, the recently launched VentureAsheville.com , will create what Dorfman dubs "a high-growth entrepreneurial ecosystem." Local wanna-be entrepreneurs are paired with startup funding via an in-town angel investor network (Asheville Angels) and are given access to bi-weekly pitch events, networking get-togethers and mentoring. A green tech offshoot of national startup accelerator The Iron Yard will be launching this fall.
Sustainability-minded businesses that fall outside the realm of cleantech have access to Asheville nature-based business accelerator Accelerating Appalachia . Last year's graduates include Riverbend Malts , which provides locally farmed artisan malts to craft brewers, and Veterans to Farmers , which trains veterans from the Iraq and Afghanistan wars for careers in family farming.
Of course, Venture Asheville isn't exclusively focused on green tech. But the niche seems a natural fit for the city, which headquarters the National Climatic Data Center and its hundreds of climate scientists (including 16 Nobel laureates). The city will also soon be home to a 20,000-square-foot space downtown called the Collider that will serve as a meeting grounds for climate tech startups and scientists, entrepreneurs and even artists. Dorfman sees this as yet another potential incubator for innovation.
Ultimately, though, all of these opportunities will hopefully allow others to do what Dorfman, himself, wants to do: Live somewhere with a wonderful quality of life, help the environment and create a community "where good-paying green jobs come from."
"It's a millennial strategy," he says. "I'm talking to a guy in LA right now who grew up in Asheville and is currently working on a startup. He can look at Asheville now and say, 'Yeah, not only is it a great place to live, but I see where I can get capital, where I can find programmers. Maybe I'd love to move home.'"
Want to head there, too? Check out Asheville's latest crop of sustainability startups:
Appalatch - Locally manufactures outdoor apparel using U.S.-sourced sustainable materials and 3-D printing to markedly reduce textile waste.
Outrider - Creates adaptive all-terrain electric bikes (actually trikes) that can be used by those with physical disabilities, including paraplegics and quadriplegics.
BrightField Transportation Solutions - Designs solar-powered EV charging stations.
LoLo - Provides loyalty rewards platform for supporting locally based businesses.
If all this isn't inspiration enough, perhaps the prospect of grabbing a pint with a Nobel Prize-winning climate scientist will be: Asheville has more breweries per capita than any other U.S. city. Suds and startups -- sounds like a winning combination to me...
Got a great idea for my next Innovation Earth column? Send tips, thoughts and suggestions to jennifer@jennifergrayson.com .
Follow Jennifer Grayson on Twitter: www.twitter.com/jennigrayson
More:

Another Reason To Care About BPA In Things You Touch Every DayWhy Some Skin Care Products And Those Thermal Receipts May Be A Troubling Combination
Posted:
Updated:
10/22/2014  7:59 pm EDT
PCC's new yellow-tinted, BPA- and BPS-free receipt went into circulation late September. It is joined in a pile that includes an old BPS-based PCC receipt. | Lynne Peeples
reddit
Those little slips of paper that accumulate in our pockets and purses may do more than just document recent take-out meals, pumpkin spice lattes and shopping sprees. Receipts, according to a small study published Wednesday, could also deliver a potentially harmful rush of hormone-scrambling chemicals into our bodies.
The new research adds fuel to a heated public health debate, hinting that bisphenol A, or BPA -- a primary ingredient in thermal receipt paper used in cash registers, ATMs and some airline tickets -- might more readily leach from the paper and absorb through the skin than previously thought. Men and women in the study who held receipts after using hand sanitizer had up to 185 times more BPA clinging to their skin after one minute, as compared to those who did the same with dry hands. Results also suggested that, after the exposure, BPA in the blood rose to levels previously linked to increased risks of heart disease and diabetes.
"This completely unravels the FDA's position that BPA is safe," said co-author Frederick vom Saal, an environmental health expert at the University of Missouri-Columbia.
Scrutiny over BPA has been building in recent years, as researchers continue to uncover evidence that associates exposure to even minute amounts of the chemical -- most well known for its presence in food packaging and water bottles -- with health problems, from attention-deficit disorder and asthma to diabetes and cancer. As a result of consumer concerns, a number of BPA-free products have flooded the market. However, some "BPA-free" products have been found to contain low doses of a popular substitute chemical, bisphenol S (BPS), which can mimic or block natural hormone messengers in much the same way as its chemical cousin, and may even persist longer in the environment.
Still, studies have generally failed to show how harmful levels of BPA or BPS enter the bloodstream, explained vom Saal. Many researchers and regulators have "ignored" exposure through the skin or lining of the mouth, he said, focusing too narrowly on the ingestion of the chemicals. BPA is metabolized fairly efficiently in the stomach, which leaves little to enter the bloodstream. So while consuming BPA is a concern, he said, it may be outmatched by other routes of exposure.
The FDA has underscored the stomach's ability to break down BPA in its evaluation of the research. "Based on FDA's ongoing safety review of scientific evidence, the available information continues to support the safety of BPA for the currently approved uses in food containers and packaging," Theresa Eisenman, a spokeswoman with the FDA, said in an email to The Huffington Post.
Receipts, however, are outside of the agency's purview. In a report released in January, the EPA discussed its own concerns about the chemical and encouraged efforts to halt the use of BPA in receipts.
The chemical industry maintains that the practice is safe.
"The most relevant data shows very little BPA exposure under conditions most representative of real-life contact with thermal receipt paper," Steven G. Hentges, of the American Chemistry Council's Polycarbonate/BPA Global Group, wrote to HuffPost.
"Also, available data suggests that BPA is not readily absorbed through the skin," he added, referring to previous studies that found lower levels of BPA seeping through the skin. Participants in that research did not use skin care products prior to handling receipts.
Human skin does provide a reasonably effective barrier to chemicals in the environment. The new study, however, suggests human ingenuity, in attempting to achieve other ends, may inadvertently compromise that protection. Soaps, sunscreens, sanitizers and other skin care products often contain mixtures of chemicals designed to break down the skin's dermal barrier, allowing a product to more easily penetrate into the skin where it can better do its cleaning or moisturizing.
Cosmetic products themselves sometimes contain potentially dangerous chemicals such as phthalates, parabens and even BPA, said Laura Vandenberg, a researcher at the University of Massachusetts, Amherst, who was not involved in the new study. And if those temporarily opened channels do enable other chemicals to travel through our skin, she said, the implications could be profound.
"Receipts are something we all come into contact with," said Vandenberg, adding that she's seen cashiers and customers in cafeterias place receipts on soups, under sandwiches and even use them as napkins -- increasing the risk of both BPA absorption and ingestion. In fact, the new study found BPA was transferred from the participants' fingers onto French fries as they were eaten.
Still, experts caution that the study is small and more research is needed to better understand just how much exposure different people could face. There are already hints that women could face higher risks than men, likely due to thinner skin and greater use of cosmetic products.
But small changes in the use of thermal receipts are already underway, including moves by a few U.S. businesses to rid their receipts of BPA.
Jon Stewart, 29, handles receipts eight hours a day while working the cash register at a PCC Natural Market in Seattle. Until three weeks ago, the receipts he printed and handed to customers at his store contained BPS. That paper had replaced PCC's BPA-based receipts a few years ago after concerns arose of its safety.
On Sept. 29, PCC Natural Markets became the first grocery store chain in the country to roll out a BPA- and BPS-free receipt paper in all of its stores. The paper, developed by Wisconsin-based Appvion, Inc., uses vitamin C as an alternative thermal developer. "We thought this was the best thing we could do for our shoppers and our staff," said Diana Chapman, director of sustainability for PCC.
Stewart said that he is "stoked" with the change. "If it means fewer chemicals I have to handle, I'm all for it," he told HuffPost, noting that customers have frequently expressed their appreciation for the change. He also noted that fellow cashiers sometimes keep bottles of hand sanitizer at their registers.
"Eventually we'd like to go to electronic receipts," said Chapman, "but we're not there yet."
More:

Raising the output key to Cairn India s prospectsRaising the output key to Cairn India's prospects
Sheetal Agarwal | Mumbai Oct 23, 2014 11:50 PM IST
Cairn India (Cairn) put up a dismal show in the September quarter on the back of lower production, higher costs and soft realisations. Revenues at Rs 3,982 crore (down 14.4 per cent year-on-year) were lower than Bloomberg estimates of Rs 4,373 crore. Likewise, the earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortisation (Ebitda) margin fell 818 basis points to 66.7 per cent and was lower than expectations.
Yet, a majority of analysts remain positive on the stock, given the long-term growth potential in the business. Of 28 polled after results by Bloomberg, 16 have a buy, 11 have a hold and one a sell rating on the stock. Their average one-year target price of Rs 338 indicates an upside of 17 per cent. After results, which came after market hours on Tuesday, the stock gained four per cent to close at Rs 289.
THE PROSPECTS
A majority of the analysts remain positive on the Cairn India stock, given the long-term growth potential in the business.
Of 28 analysts polled post results by Bloomberg, 16 have a buy, 11 have a hold and only one a sell rating on the stock
Cairn made three discoveries in the quarter gone by and brought two satellite fields into production
One reason for that could be its underperformance versus the Sensex as well as the BSE Oil and Gas index in recent months. However, for the stock to gain further, it is essential that the production keeps growing as the outlook for crude oil prices remains benign — these two have a key influence on Cairn’s financials.
Q2 a blip
Lower volumes (Rajasthan output down seven per cent on a year ago) and realisations (down 4.7 per cent to $91.5 a barrel) pulled down Cairn’s revenue in the quarter. The Rajasthan block, which accounts for over 90 per cent of Cairn’s output, saw production decline due to a planned maintenance shutdown at the Mangala Processing Terminal for nine days. Cambay CB-OS-2 field’s output increased 23 per cent year-on-year, but wasn’t enough to offset the Rajasthan block’s lower production. This, with higher exploration expenses (up 161.6 per cent to Rs 134 crore) and maintenance costs, led to contraction in Ebitda margin. The net profit at Rs 2,278 crore (down by 32.7 per cent on a year ago) in the September quarter was in line with estimates. This was partly aided by the other income that jumped 212 per cent to Rs 346 crore, offset, to an extent,  by higher tax rate.
Outlook
The management expects the production from the Rajasthan fields to normalise and flattish production growth in 2014-15. But medium-term prospects look good. Cairn has made three discoveries in the quarter and brought two satellite fields into production. It also received the approval of its joint-venture partner Oil and Natural Gas Corporation to triple the production at its Aishwarya fields (part of the Rajasthan block) to 30,000 barrels of oil per day (bopd).
The management expects the production to increase by seven-10 per cent compound annual growth over 2014 to 2017. Most analysts believe it is achievable.
There is potential for more gains. The Rajasthan block had oil and gas resources of seven billion barrels of oil equivalent (boe) at end-FY14. The company raised it to 10 billion boe in the June quarter. While the current exploration programme is targeting the initial seven billion boe reserves, analysts say the company has tested almost half of the new three billion boe hydrocarbon reserves, with the remaining to be tested by FY16.
On the flip side, while lower-than-expected reserves accretion or production are key risks, consistently lower crude oil prices are not good news for Cairn and could keep its stock under pressure. The company has disbursed the remaining $450 million of a $1.25-billion loan to its parent, Vedanta, in this quarter. This move had met with criticism from investors. The Cairn management though had clarified the deal was at an arm’s length and on commercial terms.
For now, analysts believe the known bad news is largely priced in and the downside limited for the stock.
“In a worst-case scenario, assuming the long-term oil price at $85 a barrel and no production growth over three years, we arrive at a target price of Rs 270 a share, at which Cairn trades at an inexpensive 2.5 times FY16 estimated enterprise value/Ebitda, implying almost negligible downside from current levels,” says Amit Rustogi of Antique Stock Broking.

US stock futures tumble on reports of Ebola case in NYOct 24, 2014, 09.38 AM IST  | Source: Reuters
US stock futures tumble on reports of Ebola case in NY
S&P mini futures fell as much as 0.7 percent to 1,931.75, slipping from two-week highs hit the previous day on budding optimism on corporate earnings and the global economy.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
US stock futures tumble on reports of Ebola case in NY
S&P mini futures fell as much as 0.7 percent to 1,931.75, slipping from two-week highs hit the previous day on budding optimism on corporate earnings and the global economy.
Post your opinion here
 
US stock futures tumbled while safe-haven assets such as the yen and US bonds gained on Friday after media reported that a doctor who returned to New York City from West Africa has tested positive for Ebola.
S&P mini futures fell as much as 0.7 percent to 1,931.75, slipping from two-week highs hit the previous day on budding optimism on corporate earnings and the global economy.
Asian shares also lost some ground with MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan slipping 0.1 percent.
Japan's Nikkei share average also gave up some of earlier gains, though it was still up 1.0 percent on the day.
"Just when markets got some relief on the world economy, we had this news. Obviously people who have just made bullish bets (on the economy) will close their positions as no one can tell exactly what is going to happen," said the head of currency trading at a Western bank's Tokyo branch.
The first diagnosed case of Ebola in the world's financial hub of New York sent investors rushing to traditional safe-haven assets.
As US bond prices gained, the 10-year U.S. yield fell back to 2.250 percent from Thursday's two-week high of 2.300 percent.
In the currency market, the yen gained 0.3 percent to 108.00 yen to the dollar while the risk-sensitive Australian dollar became the victim of rising caution among investors, falling 0.3 percent to USD 0.8732.
Risk asset prices had risen on Thursday after upbeat US corporate earnings, solid US economic data, and an unexpected uptick in euro zone business sentiment helped ease concerns that the global economy was losing momentum.
Results from Caterpillar Inc and 3M Co reassured investors that companies with large overseas revenue streams could deliver solid profits, despite concerns about global economic growth.
The markets ignored positive earnings earlier this month, when the world's share prices hit multi-month lows, overwhelmed by fears that sluggishness in Europe and Asia could deal a severe blow to the US economy as well.
But a steady flow of solid earnings helped to ease many such concerns for now.
With 177 of the S&P 500 companies having posted third-quarter results, 69.5 percent have beaten expectations, better than the 67 percent beat rate over the past four quarters, and higher than the 20-year average of 63 percent, Thomson Reuters data showed.
"The markets had fallen on sentiment rather than on facts. And the sentiment is coming back," said Soichiro Monji, chief strategist at Daiwa SB Investments.
New claims for US unemployment benefits also held below 300,000 for a sixth straight week last week.
In the euro zone a survey showed businesses performed much better than anyone expected this month, even though it also pointed to strong deflationary pressure in the region.
The euro drew some support from the surprise strength in the euro zone data, but was still near a two-week low of USD 1.2614 hit on Thursday. It last stood at USD 1.2657.
RELATED NEWS

He Was Lost And Did Not Fit InCanada Shooter Michael Zehaf-Bibeau Had Troubled Past
Reuters
reddit
By Allison Lampert and Julie Gordon
MONTREAL/VANCOUVER, Oct 23 (Reuters) - The Islamic convert that police say killed a soldier in Ottawa and then rampaged through Canada's parliament before being shot dead was a misfit and perhaps mentally ill, according to friends and family, while his troubled and transient past included robbery and drug offenses.
Michael Zehaf-Bibeau, 32, a Canadian citizen, was identified by police on Thursday as the attacker in the incident that rocked Canada and sent shock waves abroad.
"(He) was lost and did not fit in. I his mother spoke with him last week over lunch, I had not seen him for over five years before that," a woman who identified herself as Zehaf-Bibeau's mother said in a statement provided to the Associated Press.
Police said Zehaf-Bibeau shot and killed a soldier stationed at the National War Memorial in Ottawa on Wednesday before running into the nearby parliament buildings, where he was shot and killed by guards in a flurry of gunfire.
U.S. officials said they had been advised that Zehaf-Bibeau was a convert to Islam.
Several years ago Zehaf-Bibeau was known to have attended the Masjid Al-Salaam mosque in Vancouver, where he met David Bathurst, also a convert to Islam, David's father, John Bathurst, told Reuters. John Bathurst offered Zehaf-Bibeau some work with the family's sprinkler company in 2011, but he only lasted two days on the job.
"We made a mistake in trying to help someone out," Bathurst said, adding that while his son knew Zehaf-Bibeau from the mosque, the two men were not friends.
"We didn't fire him, I don't even remember why he quit. He probably just didn't show up," Bathurst said, adding that the company often employed men from the mosque and from Vancouver's rough downtown eastside neighborhood for odd jobs.
"He was nondescript," Bathurst said of Zehaf-Bibeau, adding that mental illness, not Islam, was behind the attack. "This guy acted alone. He's a nutcase that acted alone."
Wednesday's shooting was the second attack on Canadian soldiers in a week. On Monday, Martin Couture-Rouleau, a 25-year-old who converted to Islam last year, rammed his car into two soldiers in the Quebec town of Saint-Jean-sur-Richelieu and was shot dead by police. One of the soldiers later died.
HOMELESS SHELTER
Zehaf-Bibeau stayed at the Ottawa Mission homeless shelter in a downtrodden part of the city for about 10 days before Wednesday's attack, several people at the shelter told Reuters.
One man, who identified himself only as Randy, said he frequently saw Zehaf-Bibeau praying in the hallways of the mission.
Another man, who identified himself as Jean Claude, said Zehaf-Bibeau did not appear unusual, and mostly kept to himself.
"This whole thing is devastating for people here," he said. "We are all wondering, what would make a guy do something like that?"
Court records in Montreal showed Zehaf-Bibeau was born to Susan Bibeau in 1982 after she had a brief relationship with Bulgasem Zehaf. The two had a rocky relationship but were married in 1989, Bulgasem said in an affidavit.
"After (his) birth, his mother, Susan Bibeau and I renewed our relationship and I also established links with my son," Zehaf said in the affidavit. "I was entitled to ... look after his education, his security, and to give him all my love."
The parents petitioned in 1995 to change their son's name from Joseph Paul Michael Bibeau to Joseph Paul Michael Abdallah Bulgasem Zehaf Bibeau. Zehaf was also registered as the child's father at the time.
"We have no explanation to offer. I am mad at our son, I don't understand and part of me wants to hate him at this time," his mother, a civil servant, said in her statement.
Media reports said his father was a businessman of Libyan descent, and that his son had spent time in Libya before moving to Western Canada to work as a laborer. The affidavit said his father was a Canadian citizen.
A Michael Joseph Paul Zehaf-Bibeau was charged with robbery in Vancouver in December 2011, according to court documents, and was later found guilty of a lesser count of uttering threats.
He also had multiple run-ins with police in the French-speaking province of Quebec.
Quebec court records show three 2004 cases involving a Michael Zehaf-Bibeau, born in 1982. That year he pleaded guilty to two drug-related offenses and one charge of failing to comply with a judge's order.
At the Ottawa Mission, one resident who identified himself as Mark suggested the man they knew briefly had two sides.
One day, Zehaf-Bibeau "snapped" and acted aggressively with other residents, Mark said. He later apologized.
"It just floors me because he was all right," Mark said. "Maybe he was mentally challenged or something. What causes somebody to snap like that?" (Additional reporting by Richard Valdmanis and Peter Henderson in Ottawa; Writing by Andrea Hopkins; Editing by Peter Galloway)
Also on HuffPost:

WalMart India names Lanka as chief operations officerWalMart India names Murali Lanka as Chief Operations Officer
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 24, 2014  | 16:23 IST
The world's biggest retailer WalMart Stores Inc on Friday named Murali Lanka as the Chief Operations Officer of its Indian subsidiary with effect from December 1.
Lanka will lead store operations, sales and business development, membership and marketing and asset protection functions for the Best Price Modern Wholesale stores, WalMart India, the wholly owned subsidiary of WalMart Stores Inc, it said in a statement.
He will report to Krish Iyer, President and CEO, WalMart India .
Announcing the appointment, Iyer said: "His depth of knowledge and global experience will bring a fresh perspective to our business. He is a veteran at WalMart with almost 25 years in the company."
He further said Lanka's experience in food and general merchandise and commitment to e-commerce will help the company serve customers even more effectively in the years to come.
Murali had joined Wal-Mart in 1989 and played various roles in its Sam's Club.
In 2008, he came to India as the Head of Operations and spent five years before repatriating to US in 2013 as the Developmental Regional General Manager in the Texas division.
WalMart India owns and operates 20 Best Price Modern Wholesale stores in eight states across India. The first store opened in Amritsar in May 2009.
Earlier in April this year before the general elections, WalMart had announced that it would focus only on wholesale business and decided to stay away from multi-brand retail in India.
It had announced plans to open 50 wholesale stores in the next four to five years to expand its footprint in the country.
Later when the NDA government led by BJP, which opposed FDI in multi-brand retail, came into power in May, WalMart India had stated it would "engage and work" with the new government and continue to focus on the cash and carry business in the country.

These Biased Ideas Are Presented As Fact In Texas Curriculum StandardsThese Biased Ideas Are Presented As Fact In Texas Curriculum Standards
Posted:
Updated:
10/24/2014  9:59 pm EDT
Pro-science supporters rally prior to a State Board of Education public hearing on proposed new science textbooks in 2013 in Austin, Texas. In fall 2014, new proposed social studies textbooks also gained a fair amount of pushback from critics who say they have a conservative bias. (AP Photo/Eric Gay) | ASSOCIATED PRESS
reddit
Proposed Texas social studies textbooks may be flawed, but state standards are likely to blame for the imperfections.
In September, the nonprofit organization Texas Freedom Network Education Fund commissioned a group of history scholars to evaluate proposed social studies textbooks from publishing giants such as Pearson Education and McGraw-Hill Education. The scholars found that several of the textbooks were rife with religious and conservative biases that they said distort history. At the time, the TFN noted that while it was important that inaccuracies be corrected, the root of the problem likely lay with the state's social studies standards, to which the textbooks are expected to cater.
"In all fairness, it's clear that the publishers struggled with these flawed standards and still managed to do a good job in some areas ," said Kathy Miller, president of TFN Education Fund, in a September press release. "On the other hand, a number of textbook passages essentially reflect the ideological beliefs of politicians on the state board rather than sound scholarship and factual history."
This week, the TFN Education Fund announced a bit of good news -- that publishers made a number of corrections to the proposed books. While the group said the textbooks, which the Texas State Board of Education will vote whether to adopt in November, were improved, Miller noted, " There remain in the textbooks a number of biases and inaccuracies that should be corrected ."
The State Board of Education voted to adopt the current social studies curriculum in 2010. At the time, The New York Times noted that the curriculum " will put a conservative stamp on history and economics ." We revisited the Texas state social studies standards to see how they could be influencing publishers to print what has been called a misleading view of American history. Here are some troubling ideas we found in the Texas social studies curriculum standards:
Students Are Told To Question The Legal Doctrine Of The Separation Of Church And State
The Texas high school social studies curriculum standards ask students to compare and contrast the wording of the Constitution's establishment clause, which prohibits state religion, with the phrase "separation of church and state," which was established during later Supreme Court decisions. Don McElroy, a conservative former member of the SBOE, said students should be able to make this comparison because "We need to have students compare and contrast this current view of separation of church and state with the actual language in the First Amendment," according to a 2010 post from The Dallas Morning News.
Another board member, Mavis Knight, who opposed the standard, said she thought the requirement had a more dangerous connotation. "[It] implies there is no such thing as the legal doctrine of separation of church and state," Knight said to the outlet.
Notably, the curriculum standards also say that students should be able to identify Moses as someone who informed America's founding documents, something critics say is an example of the SBOE trying to insert religion into the classroom.
"It is absurd to suggest that Moses was a major influence on the Constitution and our constitutional structure of government," Dan Quinn, communications director for the TFN told The Huffington Post over the phone. "Every scholar we have spoke to has said that that's just factually inaccurate."
Slavery And Segregation Are Glossed Over
The curriculum standards seem to minimize some of the darker aspects of American history, such as slavery and segregation. When discussing Civil War history, the elementary school standards list sectionalism and states' rights before slavery as the primary causes for the conflict , notes a 2011 report from the right-leaning Fordham Institute.
"Black Codes, the Ku Klux Klan, or sharecropping; the term 'Jim Crow' never appears. Incredibly, racial segregation is only mentioned in a passing reference to the 1948 integration of the armed forces," says the report.
Following the adoption of the standards, the Texas branch of the NAACP and the League of United Latin American Citizens filed a complaint with the Department of Education, saying the standards downplay the Ku Klux Klan and violence against blacks.
" It is our contention that the SBOE curriculum changes were made with the intention to discriminate, and the SBOE curriculum and other areas raised in this complaint were either the result of unnecessary policies that have a disparate or stigmatizing impact on African Americans and Latinos, or reflect disparate treatment or neglect," said the complaint.
Gary Bledsoe, president of the Texas NAACP, told The Huffington Post that nothing ever came of the complaint.
Capitalism Is Promoted As A Superior System
The standards' authors are clearly fans of the free enterprise system, consistently emphasizing the advantage of American capitalism over other structures.
For example, the high school standards state that students should be able to "understand how the free enterprise system drives technological innovation and its application in the marketplace." The middle school standards clearly promote free enterprise capitalism over other economic systems , saying that students should be able to "compare and contrast free enterprise, socialist, and communist economies in various contemporary societies, including the benefits of the U.S. free enterprise system." Finally, the standards connect capitalism with the conservative ideal of limited government, asking students to be able to "explain why a free enterprise system of economics developed in the new nation, including minimal government intrusion, taxation, and property rights."
The Standards Try To Vindicate McCarthyism
During the 1950s, Sen. Joseph McCarthy (R-Wis.) and the House Un-American Activities Committee engaged in a witch hunt that was designed to expose supposed communists living in the United States, but ended up smearing many innocent citizens. In 1995, the U.S. National Security Agency released intelligence from a 1940s program called the Venona Project that had gathered Soviet military activity . It implicated several Soviet spies. While the Venona Papers do provide evidence against some communist spies, scholars have said they do not provide justification for the hysteria of McCarthyism or the senator's actions.
But, the Texas social studies standards take a different view. According to the standards, students should know about "McCarthyism, and the House Un-American Activities Committee (HUAC), the findings of which were confirmed by the Venona Papers."
Earlier on HuffPost:

U.S. nurse who had Ebola is virus free : Health officialsNina Pham in a still taken from a video in her isolation room at Texas Presbyterian Hospital in Dallas on October 16, 2014. (Source: Reuters)
By: Reuters | Washington | Posted: October 24, 2014 9:17 pm
A Dallas nurse who contracted Ebola is now free of the virus, U.S. health officials said on Friday.
Nina Pham, who contracted the disease while treating a man who later died of Ebola in a Dallas hospital, had been undergoing treatment at the National Institutes of Health in Bethesda, Maryland, since Oct. 16.
The NIH scheduled a Friday news conference to discuss Pham’s discharge.

App augments the reality of shoppingHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
App augments the reality of shopping
LN Revathy
elenabsl/shutterstock.com
Coimbatore, October 24:  
When Rajkamal Thangavel and Jeelani Subahan pulled out their iPad to capture the image of a piece of jewellery from a book lying close at hand, we didn’t realise that, within the next couple of minutes, we would have a wealth of details about the product. This included gold content, number of gems studded in the piece, price break-up, and where it was available so one could take a look, and even try on the ornament.
Holistic Media
Jeelani, co-Founder and Director of Augmente Tech Studio, then moved on to take a shot of a rock from a travel magazine.
Once again, we were able to zero in on the location, how to reach the spot, the other beautiful locations in and around the region, accommodation, and so on.
The duo, who are co-founders of the US-headquartered company, were demonstrating the power of augmented reality, sitting in the Business Line office in Coimbatore.
It also made us realise how image recognition can trigger augmented reality (AR) which, Wikipedia explains, “is a live direct or indirect view of a physical, real-world environment whose elements are augmented (or supplemented) by computer-generated sensory input such as sound, video, graphics or GPS data”.
Augmente’s product — “Holistic Media” — is a new AR tool that seamlessly animates any object or picture that is scanned, going beyond previous AR techniques, said Rajkamal, Chief Executive of Augmente.
The company is now looking to introduce Holistic Media in the Indian market.
A development team at Chennai is at present working on newer applications of this AR technique.
The co-founders of the company have identified the jewellery and clothing segments as potential users of its AR tool.
Value-add catalogues
“Many retailers send out colourful catalogues to their customers during festive seasons. But when one steps into the store, he/she may not find the same dress as in the catalogue. They finally decide to pick anything that they find appealing at the store. Our tool will help the customer find the catalogued item — branch-wise. This will enable the buyer to visit the store without wasting much time,” Rajkamal explained.
(This article was published on October 24, 2014)
Related
TOPICS

Burdwan blast: BJP attacks West Bengal government  says Mamata should resign as CMAshutosh Maharaj's followers defy HC orders to cremate the self-styled godman
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Nurse  now Ebola free  receives thanks from BarackObamaNina Pham got a hug from President Barack Obama in the Oval Office at the White House.
By: Associated Press | Bethesda | Posted: October 25, 2014 5:45 am
A nurse who caught Ebola while caring for a Dallas patient who died of the disease walked out of a Washington-area hospital virus-free Friday and into open arms.
Nina Pham got a hug from President Barack Obama in the Oval Office at the White House. And outside the hospital where she had been since last week, she got hugs from the nation’s infectious disease chief, who oversaw her care.
White House spokesman Josh Earnest called the meeting with Obama “an opportunity for the president to thank her for her service.” But the close contact between the president and the former patient also came as officials in New York tried to calm fears after a doctor was diagnosed with Ebola in that city.
Pham said she felt “fortunate and blessed to be standing here today,” as she left the National Institutes of Health’s Clinical Center in Bethesda, Maryland, where she had been since she arrived Oct. 16 from Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital Dallas.
Pham thanked her health care teams in Dallas and at the NIH and singled out fellow Ebola survivor Dr. Kent Brantly, who recovered after becoming infected in Liberia, for donating plasma containing Ebola-fighting antibodies as part of her care.
“Although I no longer have Ebola, I know it may be a while before I have my strength back,” Pham said at a news conference.
Dr. Anthony Fauci,, director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, told reporters that five consecutive tests showed no virus left in her blood. Five tests is way beyond the norm, he stressed, but his team did extra testing because the NIH is a research hospital. He had walked out to the news conference with his arm around Pham and later gave her a big hug.
“She is cured of Ebola, let’s get that clear,” Fauci said.
Pham stood throughout the approximately 20-minute press conference and was joined by her mother and sister. She read from a prepared statement and took no questions, but she called her experience “very stressful and challenging for me and for my family.”
“I ask for my privacy and for my family’s privacy to be respected as I return to Texas and try to get back to a normal life and reunite with my dog Bentley,” she said, drawing laughter with the mention of her 1-year-old King Charles spaniel. Bentley has been in quarantine since Pham’s diagnosis but has tested negative for the virus.
Pham is one of two nurses in Dallas who became infected with Ebola while treating Thomas Eric Duncan, who traveled to the United States from Liberia and died of the virus Oct. 8. The second nurse, Amber Vinson, is being treated at Emory University Hospital in Atlanta, which on Friday issued a statement saying she “is making good progress” continued…

Suspect arrested in death of two CaliforniadeputiesA suspect was arrested Friday afternoon after two sheriff's deputies were killed during a series of shootings.
By: Associated Press | California | Posted: October 25, 2014 6:06 am
A suspect was arrested Friday afternoon after two sheriff’s deputies were killed during a series of shootings that spanned about six hours across two California counties. A third deputy and a bystander were also shot during the spree.
Marcelo Marquez, 34, was taken alive Friday afternoon from a home in Auburn after the initial shooting hours earlier in a Sacramento commercial area, Placer County Sheriff’s spokeswoman Dena Erwin said.
“This guy was on a one-man crime spree today. He has no idea of the damage he did,” she said.
The four shootings sparked a massive manhunt by multiple agencies backed by search dogs, helicopters and armored vehicles. Residents nearby were told to stay indoors and schools were locked down during the search.
A woman who was with the suspect was also taken into custody in Placer County and authorities said she had a handgun in her purse.
Erwin said the officer who died was shot with an AR-15-type assault weapon, and the other officer was shot in the arm and was expected to survive.
Sacramento County Sheriff Scott Jones said at an afternoon news conference that Deputy Danny Oliver, 47, was killed after he approached a suspicious vehicle in a motel parking lot Friday morning and was shot in the forehead at close range. Oliver was a 15-year veteran who leaves behind a wife and two daughters.
Jones did not know a motive. Oliver was the first county deputy killed since 2008.
“He was not able to return fire or do anything,” Jones said. He said Oliver’s partner was able to shoot back as the vehicle fled the scene.
“We live as a family, today we grieve as a family,” Jones said.
The suspect then shot a male driver who refused to hand over his car keys during an attempted carjacking, officials said.
Erwin said two deputies from her department were later shot in Auburn, about 30 miles (48 kilometers) north of Sacramento, as the manhunt continued. She did not immediately release the deputies’ names or other identifying information.
Marquez was taken to a hospital before he could be booked into jail, Erwin said.

http://usat.ly/1wwYXZ3FacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Obama probes NHTSA for recalls, Takata for airbags
A senior Obama administration official says the "safety culture" of the federal agency that oversees auto recalls is being reviewed. The agency has been criticized for not acting aggressively
Post to Facebook
Obama probes NHTSA for recalls, Takata for airbags A senior Obama administration official says the "safety culture" of the federal agency that oversees auto recalls is being reviewed. The agency has been criticized for not acting aggressively Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1wqvaA7
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
1
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Obama probes NHTSA for recalls, Takata for airbags
Joan Lowy, Associated Press 5:35 p.m. EDT October 24, 2014
A 2002 Honda CR-V is crash-tested by the  Insurance Institute for Highway Safety. The 2002 CR-V is among millions of models that have been recalled previously for a Takata airbag defect that can send deadly shrapnel into face, chest of people sitting in front of the bag.
(Photo: AP)
16 CONNECT 21 TWEET LINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE
WASHINGTON (AP) — A senior Obama administration official says the "safety culture" of the federal agency that oversees auto recalls is being reviewed.
The agency has been criticized for not acting aggressively enough regarding recalls of millions of vehicles with defective air bags or faulty ignition switches.
The Obama official says a team is examining risk management and the safety posture in general at the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration.
Marquee cases:
•General Motors' belated recall of 2.19 million U.S. small cars for faulty switches that can disable airbags. That fault now is linked to 29 deaths by Kenneth Feinberg, outside attorney hired by GM to compensate victims of the defect.
GM first knew of a switch problem in 2001, but didn't connect it to airbag failures for more than a decade, and didn't recall the cars until February and March this year.
NHTSA fined GM the maximum $35 million for foot-dragging.
•Takata defective airbag inflators that are blamed for two deaths, and possibly linked to two more.
STORY: Confusion, worry over Takata airbags
The chemicals in the inflators were mishandled during manufacture and can degrade, especially in humid conditions. When that happens, the bags can inflate too forcefully, tearing loose from their mountings and blowing small pieces -- shrapnel, in effect -- into the faces and chests of occupants.
Recalls for the problem began in 2008. Honda has reported two deaths. Now, nine other automakers in the U.S. have recalled their vehicles with Takata bags. NHTSA has issued a rare urgent plea for owners whose cars have been recalled to get them fixed immediately.
Toyota and General Motors sent special notices to owners telling them to forbid people from sitting in the front passenger seat, and Toyota told dealers who don't yet have repair parts to disable the bags until they do,
Critics insist the automakers and NHTSA shouldn't be allowed to conduct regional recalls because they attract too little publicity and they assume cars sold elsewhere don't move into humid areas.
Regional recalls are legal and have been used often in cases where corrosion from road salt de-icer in winter-weather states causes a defect or part failure.
The Obama official says that further action is possible involving Takata air bag inflators. Recalls have been limited to vehicles registered in regions with high humidity, but millions more could be affected if recalls are extended nationwide.
The official requested not to be named as a condition of briefing reporters.
Contributing: James R. Healey, USA TODAY
16 CONNECT 21 TWEET LINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1wqvaA7
USA NOW
American journalist Luke Somers killed in failed rescue
Dec 06, 2014

Zambia to focus on economic diplomacyZambia to focus on economic diplomacy
Sundar Pichai put in charge of major products and services at GoogleSundar Pichai put in charge of major products and services at Google
http://usat.ly/1xlnf6pFCC: Phone companies posted private info online
Social Security numbers, driver's licenses and other sensitive data of 300K clients posted online.
Post to Facebook
FCC: Phone companies posted private info online Social Security numbers, driver's licenses and other sensitive data of 300K clients posted online. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1wqvxuu
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
Join the Nation's Conversation
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
FCC: Phone companies posted private info online
Anne Flaherty, The Associated Press 5:39 p.m. EDT October 24, 2014
Young woman with broken smartphone.
(Photo: Getty Images/iStockphoto)
12 CONNECT 15 TWEET LINKEDIN COMMENTEMAILMORE
WASHINGTON (AP) — Two phone companies — TerraCom and YourTel America — unwittingly posted the Social Security numbers, driver's licenses and other sensitive data of up to 300,000 clients to the Internet, an investigation found, and federal regulators said on Friday they plan to fine the firms.
As consumer data breaches go, the case — and its $10 million fine — is relatively small. But the incident is alarming because of how it unfolded: The companies participate in a government program called Lifeline, which subsidizes phone service for poor consumers. To crack down on fraudulent claims, federal regulators ordered carriers to collect identifiable information.
TerraCom and YourTel America, which are jointly owned, complied, but were so careless with the files that a reporter stumbled upon them during a simple Google search, according to the Federal Communications Commission.
In a written statement released Friday, Dale Schmick, chief operating officer of TerraCom and YourTel America said the company has since increased its data security efforts and completed "multiple security audits to prevent future breaches from taking place."
"When faced with this instance of unauthorized access, we fully complied with state laws regarding notification of affected consumers," Schmick wrote. "We look forward to working with the FCC to resolve this matter and welcome the opportunity to correct the record with regard to our security processes."
But according to FCC investigators, even after company officials learned that the information could be accessed online, they failed to notify all potentially affected consumers. This deprived consumers "of any opportunity to take steps to protect their personal information from misuse by Internet thieves," the FCC wrote in its announcement.
FCC officials said the companies were required to collect sensitive data from consumers to check their eligibility. But, the FCC says the companies should have destroyed the data as soon they verified that an applicant qualified for financial assistance. Instead, the data was stored in a format accessible to the Internet from September 2012 through April 2013.
"Consumers trust that when phone companies ask for their Social Security number, driver's license and other personal information, these companies will not put that information on the Internet or otherwise expose it to the world," said Travis LeBlanc, chief of the FCC's Enforcement Bureau.  "When carriers break that trust, the commission will take action to ensure that they are held accountable for unjust and unreasonable data security practices."
The FCC investigation was triggered by Isaac Wolf, a reporter with Scripps Howard News Service. According to a May 2013 story posted by the news organization, an online search into TerraCom resulted in a Lifeline application that had been filled out and was posted on a site operated by Call Centers India under contract with TerraCom and YourTel. Eventually, Wolf and his editors discovered more than 170,000 records that included Social Security numbers, home addresses and financial accounts.
According to a letter posted by Scripps Howard, a lawyer for the phone companies accused the news organization of violating anti-hacking laws. The FCC confirmed Friday that its investigation was prompted by the Scripps Howard news report.
Proponents of the Lifeline program say the federal subsidies are critical to ensuring that households that fall well-below the poverty line have access to at least one phone in case of emergency and to aid job prospects. The program began in 1985 and expanded in 2005 to include wireless phones. Because of the explosion in wireless technology since President Obama took office in 2008, conservatives have dubbed Lifeline "Obama phone" or "Uncle Sam's Unlimited Plan."
"It's a government-run, taxpayer-funded program that's running wild and costing more and more," said Rep. Tim Griffin, R-Ark., who proposed legislation to eliminate the program.
The $10 million fine was the FCC's first data security case and its largest privacy action. In September, the FCC reached a $7.4 million settlement with Verizon regarding alleged unlawful marketing to customers without their consent or notification of privacy rights.
Follow Anne Flaherty on Twitter at https://twitter.com/AnneKFlaherty
12 CONNECT 15 TWEET LINKEDIN COMMENTEMAILMORE
Copyright 2014 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1wqvxuu
USA NOW
American journalist Luke Somers killed in failed rescue
Dec 06, 2014

http://usat.ly/1txvP30FacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Nyaradi: ETFs to help your retirement
Retirement looms large for the baby boomer generation and ETFs can help us reach our retirement goals. Baby-boomers tend to focus their individual retirement accounts on mutual funds, rather than ETFs.
Post to Facebook
Nyaradi: ETFs to help your retirement Retirement looms large for the baby boomer generation and ETFs can help us reach our retirement goals. Baby-boomers tend to focus their individual retirement accounts on mutual funds, rather than ETFs. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1woZcnL
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
Join the Nation's Conversation
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Nyaradi: ETFs to help your retirement
John Nyaradi , Wall Street Sector Selector 2:47 p.m. EDT October 24, 2014
Stock photo of background with money american hundred dollar bills
(Photo: iStockphoto, Getty Images)
5 CONNECT 26 TWEET LINKEDIN COMMENTEMAILMORE
Retirement looms large for the baby boomer generation and ETFs can help us reach our retirement goals.
Baby-boomers tend to focus their individual retirement accounts on mutual funds, rather than ETFs.  Perhaps it is due to the fact that many employer-provided 401(k) plans allowed employees to choose from a menu of mutual funds, that people began to feel somehow "attached" to those investments, with a vested confidence in a fund manager whom they trusted.  As a result, many of these individuals could be missing out on the opportunities available in the ETF universe, which are particularly well-suited to retirement accounts and retired investors.
Most investors have set aside a significant percentage of their IRA for bond investments.  This is a time-proven and conservative strategy. However, in today's unusual environment, it is important to remember that once the Federal Reserve begins raising the federal funds rate from its "near zero" level, or zero – 0.25%, bond interest rates will rise.
Bond prices fall when interest rates rise, and vice-versa. Investors in open-ended bond funds, particularly longer-term bond funds, will probably see the value of those bonds fall more significantly than they would if the funds were in an ETF or mutual fund based on shorter-duration Treasuries.
Here are some examples of short-duration Treasury ETFs:
• iShares 1 – 3 Year Treasury Bond Fund (SHY)
• Schwab Short-Term U.S. Treasury ETF ( SCHO )
• Vanguard Short-Term Government Bond ETF ( VGSH )
• Pimco 1 – 3 Year U.S. Treasury Index ETF ( TUZ )
Another retirement income option favored by many is a portfolio of preferred stocks.  ETFs also offer baskets of preferred stocks which combine the features of stocks and bonds.  Preferred stocks are attractive to retired investors because those shares typically have lower volatility and so, generally, are not as susceptible to the wild swings oftentimes found in common stocks.
Preferred shares have maturity dates, as is the case with bonds.  Some preferred shares are "perpetual preferred shares" because they have no maturity dates and the yields are at fixed rates.  The attractive benefit for retirees is that preferred stocks pay nice dividends.
Here are a few of the more popular preferred stock ETFs:
•  iShares S&P Preferred Stock Index Fund ( PFF )
• PowerShares Preferred Stock Portfolio ETF( PGX )
• PowerShares Financial Preferred Portfolio ETF ( PGF )
One of the most popular sources of retirement income is found in stocks and ETFs that pay dividends.  A wide variety of ETFs are available, comprised only of dividends-paying stocks, and these ETFs make regular dividends payments to shareholders.  Some ETFs are available with component stocks which have the best records for paying dividends.  These stocks are called "dividend aristocrats", because they have a 25-year track record of continually increasing dividends payments each year.  They provide retired investors a dependable stream of income from those dividends payouts.
Here are a two of the more-popular "dividend aristocrats" ETFs:
• ProShares S&P 500 Aristocrats ETF ( NOBL )
• SPDR S&P Dividend Index ETF ( SDY )
Master Limited Partnership (MLP) ETFs have also become popular with retired investors because they help boost one's income stream.  An MLP is a limited partnership which is publicly traded on a stock exchange.  MLPs provide the tax benefits of a limited partnership with the liquidity of stocks.
Ninety percent of the income generated by an MLP must be obtained by transacting business in certain specified areas – most of which concern natural gas, oil and coal production and transportation, in order for an entity to qualify as an MLP under the standards set by the IRS.  MLP investors receive quarterly distributions which are required by the terms of the contract with the managing (general) partner.  The manager's fee is based on the quarterly payment amounts, providing an incentive to make the business more lucrative, generating increased income for the investors.
Here are some examples of popular MLP ETFs:
• Alerian MLP ETF ( AMLP )
• Yorkville High-Income MLP ETF ( YMLP )
• Global X MLP & Energy Infrastructure ETF ( MLPX )
Retirement is a challenge for all but the most wealthy of investors, as funds will have to last several decades, and we are all vulnerable to the effects of inflation and the potential for loss in the stock market should another major swoon come our way.  Nevertheless, ETFs can offer diversified options for income and growth in retirement via dividends, MLPs and bonds.
John Nyaradi is Publisher of Wall Street Sector Selector , a financial media site and newsletter focused on ETFs and global financial analysis, which is a USA TODAY content partner offering financial news and commentary. Its content is produced independently of USA TODAY.
5 CONNECT 26 TWEET LINKEDIN COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1woZcnL
USA NOW
American journalist Luke Somers killed in failed rescue
Dec 06, 2014

Mumbai: Sir HN Reliance Foundation Hospital to be inaugurated by PM Modi today25
0
Mumbai: After undergoing major renovation and expansion by the Reliance Foundation, Mumbai's first general hospital is all set to be inaugurated on Saturday by Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
Built in 1925 , Sir HN Reliance Foundation Hospital is now a swanky 19 floor structure in the heart of South Mumbai. The hospital is furnished with state-of-the-art operation theatres.
For the first time, the hospital has a collaboration with America's most renowned institutes like Johns Hopkins, MD Anderson Cancer Centre, Massachusetts General Hospital and University of Southern California.
Built in 1925 , Sir HN Reliance Foundation Hospital is now a swanky 19 floor structure in the heart of South Mumbai.
#mumbai #reliance foundation #sir hn reliance foundation hospital #narendra modi
The hospital will reserve a fifth of its capacity for the underprivileged and provide 10 per cent beds for free to the needy and another 10 per cent at subsidised rates.
Doctors have also been asked to conduct free surgeries and hold free weekly OPDs for the poor as well.
The hospital has applied for a green status, which could make it India's largest green hospital.

Diwali Milan function: PM Modi to meet media persons at Delhi BJP headquartersDiwali Milan function: PM Modi to meet media persons at Delhi BJP headquarters
CBI recovers Rs 10 lakh from drain near Railway officer s residenceOct 25, 2014 at 09:53am IST
CBI recovers Rs 10 lakh from drain near Railway officer's residence
47
0
New Delhi: The Central Bureau of Investigation has recovered Rs 10 lakh from a drain near the house of arrested Railway Board official which were allegedly flushed by his relatives at the time of raids carried out by the agency recently.
The sources said when the CBI team reached the residence of Ravi Mohan Sharma, arrested on October 22 while allegedly accepting bribe of Rs 5 lakh, relatives sensed trouble and flushed money bundles in the drain before they were stopped by the officials.
CBI sources said team of agency officials in toe with labourers are still at Verma's residence looking for cash in the sewage drain.
Sharma was arrested by the CBI on October 22 while receiving a bribe of Rs 5 lakh from 'hawala' link of a Mumbai-based tour operator, sources said.
#cbi #railway #cbi raid #ravi mohan sharma
The sources said so far about Rs 10 lakh have been recovered from the drain even as the search continues. According to CBI sources, the arrest is the second biggest after Railway Board member Mahesh Kumar, who was arrested for allegedly giving bribe of Rs 90 lakh to get a lucrative post.
Sharma, an Indian Railway Traffic service officer of 1997 batch was arrested by the CBI on October 22 while receiving a bribe of Rs 5 lakh from 'hawala' link of a Mumbai-based tour operator, sources said.
They said the agency is probing links of Verma with other senior officials of Railway establishment, especially those involved in clearing additional coaches and special train for the clients of tour operator from Surat to Haridwar.
The CBI has arrested Verma and two tour operators Rajesh Champaklal Jodhani and Kulin Kumarpal Shah in Mumbai for the alleged bribe which was meant for processing the application for getting coaches for the special trains on priority.
The sources said Verma has been sent to four days of police custody by the special CBI court in New Delhi.
They said the agency is also looking at the possibility of initiating a disproportionate assets case against the officials if he fails to explain the sources of the money recovered from him.
14

Feeling unprepared for Diwali Five tips to your rescueFeeling unprepared for Diwali? Five tips to your rescue
Diwali is just a day away. Today is the time to plug all gaps.
Outfit: We understand you didn't get time for that mandatory shopping because something or the other kept you preoccupied. You can either go shop now or pick a bright heavy sari (lehenga or suit will also do) from your existing wardrobe that you haven't worn for a long time.
Jewellery: If the outfit is simple with less embroidery or embellishments, you may opt for heavy jewellery. It will complete your elegant look.
Mehendi: If you are bored of regular Mehendi, you can try glitter Mehendi as it's quite hot this season. Alternatively, you could also opt for glitter nailpolish.
Thali: You can either make your Thali at home or get a readymade one quickly from your neighbourhood shop. There are lot of options available.
Rangoli and home decor: Ready-made Rangolis and glitter diyas will instantly give your home a Diwali look.
Related

Gangs of Wasseypur: Jailed warlord controlling crime empire via mobile phoneBMW's new M4 India review
The renowned M3 badge may be alive and kicking to refer to the ‘M’ version of the latest generation of BMW’s 3-series sedan but for all intents and purposes, it is this car – the new M4 – which is the real successor to the legendary BMW M3 Coupé.
It turns out Kawasaki’s big bike portfolio is steadily evolving at a welcome pace in India, with each successive motorcycle pretty much at the top of its game, even in terms of the crucial affordability factor.
other stories

New York on alert over first Ebola caseprint
A New York doctor who recently returned from Guinea tested positive for Ebola on Thursday becoming the fourth case yet in the United States. Craig Spencer, 33, was treating Ebola patients in Guinea, one of three west African nations hit the hardest by the outbreak.
He has been put in an isolation chamber at Bellevue Hospital, one of the health facilities designated for treating Ebola cases for all of New York state and the city.
New York city health authorities also dispatched disease detectives “to actively trace all of the patient’s contacts to identify anyone who may be at potential risk”. President Barack Obama also held meetings to discuss measures being taken in view of the case.
Spencer’s fiancee has been put under observation in an isolation chamber at the same facility, and local media reports said authorities were in touch with his friends.
The US has had four cases of Ebola so far — the first three were all in Texas, starting with Thomas Duncan, a Liberian man who died because of delayed medical attention. The other were nurses who were part of the team that was treating Duncan.
The US has started screening travelers from Guinea, Sierra Leone and Liberia but pressure is mounting on Obama administration to ban travel to and from these countries completely.
Spencer, who was working with Doctors without Borders, arrived on October 14. Though he tested positive for Ebola, CDC was conducting another test to confirm it.

Spike in pollution sends elderly  kids to hospitalComments
Figures released by the Delhi Pollution Control Committee (DPCC) on Friday showed that the levels of five major pollutants were five to eight times higher than prescribed limits on Diwali.
Several city hospitals told HT that their emergency staff were kept busy on Thursday night attending to complaints of respiratory ailments, especially from the elderly and children.
Calm weather caused the pollutants to hang in the air for longer, exacerbating the situation despite the levels of major air pollutants actually being lower than last year.
The figures released by the DPCC, one of two agencies monitoring pollution levels in the city, are for 24 hours starting 6 am on Diwali day. They show the maximum level of Particulate Matter (PM) 2.5 was 500 micrograms per cubic metre (mpcm) at Civil Lines, nearly eight times higher than the acceptable limit of 60.
PM10 levels ranged between 421 and 790 mpcm, nearly seven times higher than the prescribed level of 100 mpcm. But this was an improvement from 2013, when it ranged between 528 and 1378 mpcm during Diwali.
Despite this, the newly-introduced Air Quality Index (AQI) ranked air quality in most residential locations in Delhi as “severe (extremely bad for health)” primarily because of high levels of PM2.5. PM2.5 is particularly dangerous because it is so fine that our natural lung filters cannot trap it and it can lodge in our lungs, causing asthma, bronchitis, lung damage and, in the long term, even cancer. As the AQI has been introduced this year, the comparison with air quality in previous years was unavailable.
Though prolonged exposure to any pollutant is a health risk, doctors say even short-term exposure is not advisable. “Firecrackers don’t only release major pollutants into the atmosphere but also hazardous trace elements like aluminum, lead and magnesium. Short-term exposure, even for a couple of hours, to these toxic metals can lead to long-term health effects,” said Dr Randeep Guleria, professor and head, department of pulmonary medicine, AIIMS.
“These pollutants can harm the heart and brain as well. People with existing heart or lung diseases such as asthma, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, congestive heart disease, or ischemic heart disease are at increased risk of admission to hospitals based on the severity of already existing problem,” said senior scientist Dr Gufran Beig of SAFAR (System of Air Quality and Weather Forecasting and Research), which is jointly run by the Indian Institute of Tropical Meteorology and the India Meteorological Department.
Though there is no data yet to make this correlation, a drop in the sale of firecrackers is believed to be one of the reasons behind the reduction in the level of pollutants. “Compared to previous years, the sale of firecrackers has reduced by at least 25 per cent this Diwali. The sale of firecrackers usually touches Rs. 150 crore but sales are down this season,” said Praveen Khandelwal, secretary general of the Confederation of All India Traders.
An official at the Central Pollution Control Board (CPCB), the second agency that monitors air pollution in Delhi, said this time the police was also strict while issuing licences to vendors and ensured they complied with conditions that crackers meet requisite standards.
“There were only two shops allowed this time as compared to five to seven last year,” said Unmesh Sethi, who set up a firecracker shop in Rohini.
Retailers also did not stock as many Chinese crackers, known to be more polluting, this time.
“The demand is also not very high because the price of quality crackers is higher than the Chinese ones which we cannot sell”, Sethi added.

PM Modis Siachen visit a masterstroke  say analystsComments
Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s visit to Siachen, the world’s highest battlefield, was a strategic step that went beyond bonding with Indians soldiers to also send a message to Pakistan amid escalating tensions between the nuclear armed rivals, analysts and political observers say.
  
Play Pause
Prime Minister Narendra Modi shares sweets with the officers and jawans of Indian Armed Forces during his visit to Siachen on the occasion of Diwali. (PTI photo)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi is greeted by Jammu and Kashmir chief minister Omar Abdullah as Jammu and Kashmir governor NN Vohra looks on at Srinagar Airport. (AFP photo)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi looks at a military dog as he interacts with Army officers and soldiers at a base camp during his visit to Siachen, in this handout photo ...
Prime minister Narendra Modi interacts with the Army officers and soldiers at a base camp during his visit to Siachen. (PTI photo)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi is received on his arrival at Siachen Base Camp. Army chief Gen Dalbir Singh is also seen. (PTI photo)
Paramilitary soldiers stand guard as Kashmiri women walk on a street in Srinagar. Shops and businesses remained closed in Kashmir due to a separatist sponsored strike to protest a visit ...
Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) leaders and workers shout pro-Modi slogans during a welcome rally ahead of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's arrival in Srinagar to celebrate Diwali with the flood victims ...
A paramilitary trooper stands guard in front of a shuttered shop during a one-day strike called by Kashmiri separatists protesting against Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi's visit to the region, ...
Activists and supporters of Bharatiya Janta Party shout slogans as they try to march toward the governor's house to welcome Prime Minister Narendra Modi in Srinagar.
Activists and supporters of ruling Bharatiya Janta Party celebrate as they try to march toward the governor's house to welcome Prime Minister Narendra Modi in Srinagar. (HT photo)
Policemen try to stop activists and supporters of ruling Bharatiya Janta Party as they try to march towards the governor's house to welcome Prime Minister Narendra Modi in Srinagar. (HT ...
India and Pakistan have faced off on the inhospitable terrain since 1984 and have long accepted the need to demilitarise Siachen, but still have not arrived at a solution that would allow them to pull out troops from the mountainous region that lies at about 20,000 feet above sea level.
Modi’s visit to Siachen on Diwali was the first by a PM in nine years. Modi’s predecessor, Manmohan Singh, visited the glacier in 2005 when he called to make Siachen an “abode of peace” between India and Pakistan.
“It is a masterstroke to spend the Diwali with soldiers in Siachen. Not only did he take this opportunity to bond with soldiers in far-flung areas but it was also a stern message to Pakistan that had, in recent times, tried to disturb the peace along the Line of Control,” said a senior bureaucrat.
Read: Modi’s flood-relief package draws flak from Kashmir political parties
Military analysts said the visit was in line with the stand of the BJP, which has in the past cautioned against any “settlement” over the Siachen glacier so that Pakistan does not get any terrain advantage to re-occupy the strategic heights.
“There is certain political subtext of this visit. Any visit of a PM to Siachen is of immense importance. This tour also plays well with the BJP’s narrative of showcasing its commitment to the national cause,” Commodore C Uday Bhaskar, Director, Society for Policy Studies, told HT.
Top sources added the trip was not a one-off event but Modi was likely to spend holidays with the army in future.
“It further showcases his government dedication and re-establishes India’s authority over the entire area,” said an official.

Congress channel alleges immorality at Kerala cafe  BJP workers vandalise it.Print
Written by Shaju Philip | Thiruvananthapuram | Posted: October 25, 2014 1:54 am | Updated: October 25, 2014 2:21 pm
A Congress-backed Malayalam television channel on Thursday broadcast a report on alleged “immoral activities” at a cafe in Kozhikode, following which BJP workers stor-med the premises and smashed glass and furniture. The restaurant, called Downtown, was shut at the time, and no customers were hurt. TV cameras were waiting at the spot and filmed the attack, police said.
The video of the vandalism was tweeted by Congress media department head Ajay Maken, who posted a link to YouTube with the comment, “Watch how BJP supporters vandalise a coffee shop in Kerala for alleged immoral activities. #Shame”. Told that it was the Congress’s own Jaihind TV that had aired the report that instigated the attack, Maken said, “If anything has been shown on a TV channel, does that give the BJP the licence to indulge in moral policing?”
His tweet, Maken said, was “on the basis of what the BJP supporters have done. It (the video) clearly shows how they have vandalised a coffee shop”.
At 9 am on Thursday, Jaihind TV aired an “exclusive” report alleging that some coffeeshops and restaurants in Kozhikode had become centres of “immoral activities” which the police were ignoring. The report showed pictures of Downtown, and alleged that the parking area of the cafe was being “misused” by young men and women.
Jaihind TV was launched by Congress president Sonia Gandhi in August 2007. Its president is V M Sudheeran, chief of the Kerala Congress, and its managing director is M M Hassan, a state Congress vice-president.
The group was led by Prakash Babu, state general secretary of the Bharatiya Janata Yuva Morcha, the youth wing of the BJP. TV cameramen who were already present at the restaurant, filmed the attack. Asked if they knew about the attack in advance, Jaihind TV reporter Danithlal S Nambair said cameras of his channel had reached the spot along with those of other channels only after being informed by the police. Kozhikode City Police Circle Inspector Moosa Vallickadan, who is probing the attack, however, said TV cameras were ready at the spot when the Yuva Morcha men arrived.
Hassan declined to comment, saying Chief Editor K P Mohanan would react. Mohanan said Executive Editor J S Indukumar would respond.
Indukumar said, “We are not responsible for the attack. We have only reported… We have some other visuals to substantiate immoral activity, which are being held back.” He said cameras of several channels were present when the Yuva Morcha men targeted the hotel.
Basil Moosa, promoter of Downtown, which has been open for nine months now, said: “The parking area is an open space, which can be clearly seen from the road. There are several houses and apartments in the vicinity. Nobody can engage in an immoral activity on our premises. Besides, there are CCTV cameras. We suspect someone might have morphed the visuals or arranged some visuals to paint the restaurant in poor light,” Moosa said. He said the damage would cost Rs 4 lakh to repair.  BJP Kozhikode district president P Raghunath alleged on Friday continued…

Google executive sets records with leap from near-spaceprint
Google executive Alan Eustace broke the sound barrier and set several skydiving records over the southern New Mexico desert early Friday after taking a big leap from the edge of space.
Eustace's supersonic jump was part of a project by Paragon Space Development Corp. and its Stratospheric Explorer team, which has been working secretly for years to develop a self-contained commercial spacesuit that would allow people to explore some 20 miles (32 kilometers) above the Earth's surface.
Friday's success marked a major step forward in that effort, company officials said.
Google executive Alan Eustace, in the spacsuit, is carried aloft by a balloon for his leap from the edge of space that broke the sound barrier and set several skydiving records over the southern New Mexico desert outside Roswell.(AP Photo)
"This has opened up endless possibilities for humans to explore previously seldom visited parts of our stratosphere," Grant Anderson, Paragon president and CEO, said in a statement.
The technology that has gone into developing the balloon, the spacesuit and the other systems that were used in Friday's launch will be used to advance commercial spaceflight, namely efforts by Arizona-based World View Enterprises to take paying tourists up in a high-altitude balloon and luxury capsule starting in late 2016.
As more people head into the stratosphere, the spacesuits could be adapted for emergency rescues or other scientific endeavors, officials said.
After nearly three years of intense planning, development and training, Eustace began his ascent via a high-altitude, helium-filled balloon just as the sun was rising. It took more than two hours to hit a record altitude of 135,908 feet (41,425 meters), from which he separated himself from the balloon and started plummeting back to Earth.
Wearing his specially designed spacesuit, Eustace hit a top velocity of 822 mph (1,323 kph) during a freefall that lasted 4 1/2 minutes.
Jim Hayhurst, director of competition at the United States Parachute Association, was the jump's official observer. He said Eustace deployed a drogue parachute that gave him incredible stability and control despite the massive Mach 1.23 speed reached during the freefall.
Google executive Alan Eustace after a record-breaking 135,908 foot, or 41,000 meter space dive, parachuting  back to Earth on October 24, 2014 in Roswell, New Mexico. (AFP Photo)
Eustace didn't feel it when he broke the sound barrier, but the ground crew certainly heard the resulting sonic boom, Hayhurst said.
"He just said it was a fabulous view. He was thrilled," Hayhurst said of his conversation with Eustace after he landed.
The supersonic skydive happened with little fanfare, out of the media spotlight, unlike the 2012 attempt by daredevil Felix Baumgartner and the Red Bull Stratos team.
Baumgartner, who was taken aloft in a capsule with the help of millions of dollars in sponsorships, had set the previous altitude record by jumping from 128,100 feet (39,044 meters).
Watching Eustace and his team prepare was historic, said Hayhurst, likening the scene to what it must have been like to watch Ryan Airlines Corp. build the Spirit of St. Louis in the late 1920s.
"This was a bunch of quiet engineers doing the job," he said. "This is a scientific endeavor. This is a stepping stone to space."

Modi deadline for babus to mark biometric attendance kicks in todayPrime Minister Narendra Modi has forged a reputation as a driven man and time runs out for the country’s bureaucrats to conform to his standards on Saturday as the deadline for new biometric attendance system kicks in.
 
The electronic system will track whether government officials are showing up for work on time.
 
What’s more, not only will Big Brother watch 'babus', as India's officialdom is stereotyped, but the public can also keep track of them through a website — attendance.gov.in — that quietly went live at the end of September.
 
In New Delhi, nearly half of the babus were yet to adopt the new biometric attendance system, leading to the Prime Minister’s Office (PMO) setting October 25 as the deadline for bringing the entire government workforce under the punctuality regime.
 
The corporate sector took to this system long ago, now, government officials, who are saddled with a reputation of taking it easier than the workforce in the private sector, have to fall in line.  
 
The dashboard of the Biometric Attendance System displays a dynamic, real-time chart of how many people are at work. It is also possible to click through and check when an individual checks in and logs out of the system.
A screenshot from the attendance.gov.in website. 
 
"It all started with the prime minister giving the idea," said project coordinator Shefali Sushil Dash of India's National Informatics Centre, the agency for e-government initiatives.
 
The system is based on the Aadhaar (Foundation) biometric identity card system launched by the last government that now covers 680 million people, and refines a pilot project launched by techno-bureaucrat Ram Sewak Sharma when he was posted in Jharkhand.
 
Using their Aadhaar numbers, more than 50,000 government workers at 148 government bodies in Delhi have been enrolled in the system. The plan is to double that figure.
 
Staff can clock in using a fingerprint scan at the entrance of their offices. Top-ranking civil servants can do so, without queuing, with devices attached to their workstations.
 
Dash said there had been "no complaints" from those enrolled in the scheme that it was intrusive. "This system is meant to make people's life easier," she told Reuters.
 
Based on a straw poll of his sources, Suhaib Ilyasi, editor of Bureaucracy Today — a magazine for and about Indian bureaucrats — said the response was positive.
 
"People like it even though they have to be punctual," he said. "Officers are government servants. They should be serving the people. There is no sense of intrusion."
 
Keeping the noses of officials to the grindstone is bullish for India, a country where even the most basic bureaucratic task can prove daunting, according to one investor.
 
"Modi's view is if I get the little things right, if I get the civil servants to work, to clear files, then I'm 80% of the way there," said Avinash Vazirani, manager of Jupiter Asset Management's India fund.
 
"This is Big Brother stuff but very effective. It's not just the central government. The state governments are trying to emulate this."
 
The Prime Minister's Office will also take part in the scheme, said Dash, although it was not clear whether Modi would be enrolled.

Yummilicious! Ten Diwali sweets to gorge onlifestyle
Yummilicious! Ten Diwali sweets to gorge on
It's that time of the year, when you gorge on sweets unapologetically. So, out of these ten most popular Diwali mithais, which one is your favourite? Check out and tell us.
Chocolate Barfi (Source: http://indianhealthyrecipes.com/ )

Slowdown in Europe  US may not stall Indias exportYou are here: Home > Collections
Slowdown in Europe, US may not stall India’s export growth
ET Bureau Oct 24, 2014, 06.59AM IST
Tags:
economy
(With global recovery still…)
MUMBAI: When the German growth engine sputters and the US economic growth looks less robust than expected, can India escape the new uncertainties that has engulfed one-fifth of the world? The extent of any damage would depend on the nature of the business: exporters of auto ancillaries, chemicals, garments, and textiles are likely to be hit more than information technology and pharmaceutical companies.
Last week, Germany's economy ministry cut the country's 2014 economic growth outlook to 1.2% from 1.8% earlier. It also fears growth could dip to 1.3% next year from an earlier forecast of 2%. And, in the US, while unemployment rate fell to 5.9% in September — it was below 6% for the first time since July 2008 — consumer data was less encouraging.
Retail sales fell to 0.3% for the first time in September since the beginning of 2014. "With China also slowing down, the global growth prospects are dampened," said Samiran Chakraborty, who heads South Asia macro-economic research at Standard Chartered Bank. Though far less vulnerable than Russia and some Gulf economies, India's dependence on exports has increased over the past five years. At over $470 billion, India's exports of merchandise and services contributed 26% to the gross domestic product in 2013 against 20% in 2009.
Astronger rupee is the other drag. "Exports growth is already down to about 2% in September. Also, the rupee is currently overvalued by almost 10% against the basket of 36 currencies based on real effective exchange rates," said Chakraborty.
An ETIG analysis of the nation's exporting sectors and major publicly listed exporters shows that while top players from IT and pharma look less vulnerable, players from sectors such as auto ancillaries, chemicals, and textiles are more exposed to the risks arising from a slowdown in Europe and the US.
With global recovery still uncertain and sputtering, the extent of any damage to Indian exporters would depend on the nature of their businesses. ETIG takes a look at some export-oriented companies and industrial segments.
  Balkrishna Industries
A maker of off-highway tyres (for tractors and mining machinery), almost 90% of the company's revenues come from exports — of which 54% are from Europe and 14% from the US. It will be comparatively less affected as 65% of its sales originate from the agriculture sector, which is yet to be impacted by the slowdown. Profits from balance sales, linked to industrial growth, would be cushioned by falling raw material prices.
Bharat Forge
The leading forging company generates about 66% of its revenues from exports on a consolidated basis. Of the total export, nearly 46% originates from Europe, 17% from the US, and the balance from other geographies. Its performance would depend on how revenues from non-auto exports — accounting for more than 50% of revenues — will be impacted by the slowdown.
Motherson Sumi
Theauto ancillary firm derives nearly 84% of its sales from exports following two European acquisitions. The two companies had nearly four billion euros of order book at the end of FY14. With luxury car makers such as Audi accounting for 20% of its sales, followed by Volkswagen (19%) and BMW (7%), the company's earnings are highly sensitive to global growth.
The IT pack
Top players, including TCS, Infosys, Wipro and HCL Technologies, are better placed to face a slowdown in the west considering their matured outsourcing services portfolios and wider client base. A slowdown may impact realisations, which can be offset largely through operating efficiency and increasing services offerings. But mid-sized players such as Mindtree, NIIT Technologies, and KPIT Cummins may find it difficult to sustain growth during a slowdown considering their relatively smaller client base and limitations of size and scale.
  The pharma pack
Pharma companies may just sail through the slowdown. Indian pharma firms sell low-cost generic drugs and active ingredients in the US and Europe. Since the thrust on controlling costs and keeping prices low assumes urgency in a slowdown, these drug makers, with comparatively inexpensive production lines in India, could stand to gain. Sun Pharma, Lupin and Aurobindo Pharma have strong pipeline of drug approvals to be launched in the US. While Sun Pharma per se does not have a presence in Europe, its acquisition of Ranbaxy will enable it to tap the market. Also, a slowdown in developed markets may prompt big pharma of the west to source more drugs from Indian suppliers using US FDA approved manufacturing sites.
UPL (formerly United Phosphorus)

Inflation dividend for 2015 positive factor for global markets: Adrian MowatAdrian Mowat
(India now has an added benefit…)
In a chat with ET Now, Adrian Mowat, Chief EM & Asian Equity Strategist, JPMorgan, shares his macroeconomic outlook and talks about the market. Excerpts:
ET Now: We have had a fairly decent year this time. Can the next 12 months for India be better?
Adrian Mowat: They are going to be very good because we have got a combination of acceleration in economic growth and a decline in inflation. The inflation dividend for 2015 is the prime positive factor for the global economy and the global markets.
India now has an added benefit of having a link to global energy prices, particularly with the deregulation of diesel. It also should see a dividend for food inflation coming down.
During the previous administration we were averaging around a 15% increase in the minimum selling price, the support price for 25 crops in India. That support price should rise much more modestly looking forward. There are many cartels in India's food distribution and by dealing with those, we could easily get the Indian food inflation into the very low single digits, maybe even urban deflation in food which is something we see in many other countries.
If you combine a lower inflation with higher economic growth, we tend to have a very supportive environment for assets such as equities.
ET Now: We have been fearing this ever since we heard of the Fed as well as the BoE exiting their zero interest rate policy, which has been the case for the last seven years. Do the markets gear up for it and how do they do so?
Adrian Mowat: It generates market volatility with absolutely zero underlying effect. The language used around QE and zero interest rates has been imprecise.
QE is a symptom of a financial system, the capital you have because of the savers having their returns depressed, there is repression for pensioners for those that live off their savings which is hitting consumption. At the other end of the scale if small and medium size businesses are trying to borrow money, they are finding credit conditions relatively tight. This is partly a function of the very tough regulatory environment which is forcing financial institutions to hold a lot more capital for a given level of risk. The QE effect on real economy has been massively over stated.
We are exiting QE in the United States this month. It is really a history. The debate for the market is, when does the Fed move away from zero interest rates? Again something that we think people fear far too much. We have done a lot of analysis of asset markets and how they benefited during this period. Let us not forget that since the end of QE2, EM equities have massively underperformed developed market equities. If we look at the real estate prices around the emerging markets, it is only in places like Hong Kong, Malaysia, Taiwan that we have seen a material move in real estate prices relative to nominal GDP elsewhere they have often lagged.
The underlying effect of this whole story is very small. It generates market volatility when you hear concerns about it. You should be out there buying risky assets.
 
ET Now: So you are in favour of buying risk assets. Now my question is: does India pose minimum risk in the risky asset?
Adrian Mowat: The assessment is, India offers the potential of very good returns, but it is very important not to understate the risks that are in place here.
India is still a current account deficit country and requires a favourable backdrop in terms of global risk appetite. It needs to deliver on improvements in the way that the economy is managed as there are many decisions that have been put off, that need to be made. The delivery of this government is very important, that generates risk around within the expectations for the Prime Minister Modi to deliver.
We have a link into the global oil price, which is now very direct for the Indian consumer as well as being important and how it drives the current account deficit. I am very excited by the returns, but it is always very important that investors understand that they are taking on risk and that is the other side of return. Isn't it?
ET Now: For the first time in the last many years, an Indian Finance Minister has a chance to beat the fiscal deficit target that he had laid out at the start of the year. It looks fairly realistic. Are things in place for India to be able to beat some of those risks?
Adrian Mowat: Absolutely, they are and as the economy picks pace, then tax revenue will improve. Falling of subsidy bill to some extent is a tailwind and not something that has been sort of directly achieved by India.
India has a lot of bottlenecks with regards to infrastructure, and spending on healthcare and education is still too modest. So, running a fiscal deficit is a bad thing. If you spend the money wisely, then that can add to future growth and it is something that should be encouraged.
ET Now: Is India at the top end of the curve when it comes to equity return, say, in the next one year?

Dholera: Modi s pet project back on the fast trackDholera: Modi's pet project back on the fast track
Vinay Umarji | Ahmedabad Oct 25, 2014 12:57 AM IST
A casual visitor might miss the small sign along the highway pointing in the direction of Dholera. The vast area of wastelands, with tiny strips of private agricultural land and a cluster of mud houses with clay-tiled roofs, can make you believe it is another nondescript area in India’s hinterland. But appearance can be deceptive.
Dholera, 110 km from Ahmedabad and comprising 22 villages in the flat alluvial wheat basket of Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s home state of Gujarat, is earmarked to be a poster child for the new government’s development agenda.
At 920 sq km, the Dholera Special Investment Region (DSIR) would be twice the size of Mumbai and is estimated by state government officials to have an annual investment potential of Rs 60,000-70,000 crore. According to its website, a new port, airport, modern highways and rail links will attract automotive, electronics, biotechnology and other industries. It is also supposed to be a smart city and the node in Gujarat for the proposed 1,483-km dedicated freight corridor between Delhi and Mumbai, passing through six states. Being developed by Delhi Mumbai Industrial Corridor Development Corporation Ltd (DMICDC), with Gujarat Infrastructure Development Board (GIDB) as the nodal agency, DSIR falls within the limits of the Ahmedabad district.
Until a few months ago, the project, conceived in 2007 when Modi was chief minister of Gujarat, appeared still-born. But not anymore. After a new government took charge at the Centre, things have started moving in terms of necessary clearances.
Since July, a ‘site clearance’ for an international airport has been received, followed by an environmental approval from the environment and forests ministry. This month, the DMICDC Trust decided to infuse Rs 3,000 crore into the project. The back-to-back clearances have, in fact, convinced Dholera Special Investment Region Development Authority (DSIRDA) officials and experts that the project might possibly see an early completion (the official deadline is 2040 for three phases of 10 years each).
The latest round of activity has convinced people like Pratapsinh Chudasama, who owns a grocery shop adjacent to the DSIRDA office in the village, to say: “Ahiyan sau taka ek motu sheher banshe! (A big city is certainly going to come up here!)” Chudasama says his optimism for the prime minister’s pet project stems from a renewed coverage in the local media after DMICDC, the central nodal agency, took the decision to infuse funds.
Experts, such as Sunil Parekh, strategic advisor (projects) to companies like Cadila Healthcare (Zydus Cadila) and Jubilant Lifesciences, admit there was a lack of clarity in between but add they now see a ray of hope. “With the new government recognising the need to complete all the projects along DMIC, and the in-principle approvals, we may see an improvement in implementation over two-three years,” Parekh says.
A DSIRDA official says “the real work will start now”. He is referring to issuance of tenders for work on basic infrastructure like road, electricity, water and other utilities in the first two town-planning schemes — TP 1 and TP 2, spanning 15,000 hectares. Of these, TP 2 is the larger one, with 10,000 hectares under it. According to officials, in the near future, one of the earliest land allotments might be made to Mahindra Lifespace Developers Ltd for setting up the ‘Mahindra World City’, for which the company had signed a memorandum of understanding during the Vibrant Gujarat Summit of 2011.
Moreover, node/city-level special purpose vehicles will soon be formed between the Centre and the state government for the project, with an initial equity contribution of Rs 250 crore by the DMICDC Trust. Further, Rs 350 crore worth of tenders for flood mitigation and control and other infrastructure are expected to be announced, even as a six-lane expressway between Ahmedabad to Bhavnagar, covering 34 km of the Dholera SIR area, is also expected to start soon at a project cost of the Rs 2,800 crore.
Parekh believes the project could easily increase Gujarat’s current 18 per cent contribution to the country’s total fresh annual investments and ease the land availability issue.
There have been problems of land acquisition, so DSIRDA has brought about a development plan, including the town planning schemes, which officials believe will help farmers get better realisations. Earlier, in the absence of a development plan, farmers were worried about losing their land to the government in hostile acquisitions. This led to protests in January this year.
“The development plan specifically protects the farmers’ interests and avoids direct land acquisition by the government. Instead, it ensures land acquisition by industry from the farmers. And, with the availability of proper infrastructure according to the development plan, the farmers are sure to get better realisations,” says a DSIRDA official who does not wish to be named.
However, asked about the surety of farmers selling the land to industry, the official says: “Our focus is to develop infrastructure for now. We will see that when the time comes.”
Apart from land, the smart city announcement is also expected to attract investment into the region. For making it a smart city, the progress on an ICT Master Systems Integrator for implementation of Smart City Components at DSIR was recently reviewed by DSIRDA officials and experts from the Indian Institute of Technology, Hyderabad. While British infrastructure development company Halcrow has been roped in as a master planner, CISCO and IBM have been contracted the work. These are for a centralised digital control of all infrastructural facilities like water, power and gas traffic through an underground sensor system reporting to a central control room at DSIR. Soon, work on two TP schemes will simultaneously be undertaken in each of the three phases.
PROJECT SNAPSHOT
Total area: 920 sq km (92,000 hectares)
 
Developable area: 567.39 sq km (56,739 hectares)
 
Smart city: Will have control and command centres for managing infra, utilities
 
Facilities: Touted as India’s Shanghai, to have international airport, sea port connectivity, metro rail, expressway
 
Linkages: To benefit DMIC and provide logistics support to Dedicated Freight Corridor (DFC); high-access corridor with city centre, industrial, logistic, knowledge & IT, recreation & sports, entertainment
 
Jobs: To double the region’s employment potential, triple industrial output and quadruple exports
 
Investments: Potential to draw Rs 60,000 crore to Rs 70,000 crore a year
ON COURSE
May: 22 villages in Ahmedabad’s twin talukas of Barwala and Dhandukanotified as an SIR
2010
Feb: Dholera SIR Development Authority set up
2011
Mid: Work ondevelopment plan begins
2012
May: Work on Town Planning (TP) schemes begins
Sep: GIDB notifies development plan
Oct: TP 1 and TP 2 (15,000 hectares) finalised
2013
Oct: TP 3,4,5 and 6 (42,000 hectares) finalised
2014
Aug: Dholera SIR receives environment clearance
Oct: Rs 3,000-cr fund infusion cleared

Climate change mitigation: needed a pragmatic agenda  says Jairam RameshEco agenda: Jairam Ramesh, former Environment Minister, giving a lecture on ‘Warming up to the Climate Change Challenge’ at the Asian College of Journalism on Friday. V GANESAN
Chennai, October 24:  
India must pass comprehensive legislations that make it mandatory to meet climate change mitigation targets ahead of the international climate conference to be held in Paris in 2015, according to Jairam Ramesh, former Union Minister for Environment and Forests.
This will instil confidence in the international community on the country’s seriousness in addressing the challenge of climate change and strengthen domestic initiatives.
The legislation should address energy efficiency targets, mandatory fuel efficiency standards, quality of forest cover and establish standards for emission from power plants.
Addressing a public lecture on ‘Warming up to the climate change challenge’ organised by the Hindu Centre for Politics and Public Policy and the Asian College of Journalism, he said such legislation must be a part of the overall pragmatic approach to the Paris conference that hopes to arrive at a legally binding agreement covering all countries. “A legal framework through executive actions is what I am advocating,” he said.
India can also demonstrate its commitment by adopting a low carbon approach to economic development. A study by the expert group of the Planning Commission made public in April 2014 provides many options and it also showed that a low carbon approach would only reduce average annual GDP by 0.1-0.15 percentage points.
(This article was published on October 24, 2014)
Related

Delhi air is 16 times worse than normalDelhi air is 16 times worse than normal
NPA Tops PM-Bankers Meet AgendaNPA Tops PM-Bankers Meet Agenda
China s top graft-buster says fight will never endChina s top graft-buster says fight will never end
Olacabs enters elite category  joins billion...You are here: Home > Collections
Olacabs raises $210 million from Japan’s SoftBank Corp; enters $1b Club
Jayadevan PK & Aditi Shrivastava, ET Bureau Oct 25, 2014, 07.08AM IST
Tags:
Accel Partners Bessemer Venture
(Announcement is likely…)
BANGALORE: Taxi service aggregator Olacabs has raised $210 million from Japan's SoftBank Corp at a valuation of nearly $1 billion (Rs 6,100 crore), people familiar with the development said, as it joins the league of India's most valuable startups and squares off against Uber as well as other venture-funded cab service marketplaces.
An announcement could be made as early as next week, when SoftBank Chairman Masayoshi Son visits India and makes official his group's investments of over $1 billion in Indian startups. ET reported that online retailer Snapdeal is in line to snag $650 million and mobile marketplace Paytm up to $300 million from the Japanese conglomerate which booked an estimated $5 billion gain from the IPO of Chinese ecommerce giant Alibaba last month. "The company is valued close to $1 billion," a source said, referring to Olacabs, which was founded in January 2011 by IIT-Bombay alumni Bhavish Aggarwal and Ankit Bhati.
Olacabs declined to comment. Soft-Bank did not reply to an email seeking its view. Olacabs started life in Mumbai but is now based in Bangalore.
It is backed by Sequoia Capital, Hong Kong's Steadview Capital and Tiger Global . Kunal Bahl, the cofounder of Snapdeal, is an angel investor in the company. The funding is an important milestone for Indian startups that are increasingly gaining the attention of deep-pocketed global investors looking to cash in on India's entrepreneurial prowess and the country's vast market opportunity.
Online retail has grabbed most of the attention and money so far—market leader Flipkart alone has raised $1.2 billion this year—but taxi marketplaces and realty portals are expected to be where the next battles to gain consumers and market share will be fought. An indication of the rising interest in the taxi aggregation market is the fact that Olacabs raised Rs 250 crore only in July, when it was valued at Rs 1,000 crore. What has also excited investors is the entry into India of Uber, the cab hailing app that has been making waves across the world.
San-Francisco based Uber, which is barely four years old raised $1.2 billion, at a valuation of $18 billion, in June this year. Uber entered India in August 2013 and has been recruiting taxi owners rapidly. Jaspal Singh, the cofounder of Valoriser Consultants which provides market research services for transportation companies, said the funding and valuation of Olacabs are an indication that investors are betting on rapid growth prospects. "Their longterm strategy is to expand the market size by attracting first-time riders and enter into new geographies," he said. Over two million taxis are registered in India and the market is estimated to be worth over $7 billion.
Companies like Olacabs do not operate their own taxis but provide the technology platform that links taxi owners with passengers. Ola, which is launching its service in one city every two weeks, claims to have around 33,000 cars on its platform. In about three and ahalf years, it has built a presence in 19 cities so far. The latest funding for Olacabs is likely to put pressure on Taxiforsure, its main Indian competitor which has also raised an estimated $50 million this year. Taxiforsure, cofounded by IIM-Ahmedabad alumni Aprameya Radhakrishna and Raghunandan G, is backed by Accel Partners, Bessemer Venture and Helion Venture .
FEATURED ARTICLES

One Week  Many Reforms: PM Modi Burnishes Economic CredentialsIron Ore Imports Surge as Prices Fall
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has unleashed a slew of reforms in the past week, scrapping fuel subsidies, simplifying labour rules and pledging to open coal mining to private players in a bid to kickstart the economy.
The reforms are seen as some of the most significant since Mr Modi and his BJP swept the national election in May.
But analysts say the reforms so far represent the low-hanging fruit. They point out that because the government and its allies are still in a minority in the Upper House or Rajya Sabha, they will find it tough to push through more politically sensitive changes that are key to getting growth back on track.
In a week, Mr Modi has reduced paperwork and inspections of factories to ease the burden of manufacturing in India, which is currently at an unenviable 134th on a World Bank ease-of-doing business chart.
Over the weekend, his government released diesel pricing from state control, ending one of India's costliest subsidies. It also cleared a delayed increase in domestic gas prices, hiking by one-third the amount the government pays natural gas producers to encourage exploration which will in turn make India less dependent on imports.
Economists have long argued India's potential will only be unleashed when it curbs subsidies, relaxes suffocating regulation and rigid labour laws and eases complex rules governing industrial land acquisition.
On Monday the government announced measures to pave the way for private companies to sell coal, which will eventually help break the monopoly of one of the world's biggest mining giants, Coal India, which is state-run.
The government is also readying to sell a five-percent stake in state-run heavyweight Oil and Natural Gas Corp. in the hope of raising $3 billion or Rs 18,300 Crores, which would help trim this year's fiscal deficit.
The stock market has already reached near record heights as the PM tries to jumpstart growth that fell below five percent last year -- half the rate of just a few years ago.
The government plans in the next parliamentary session to scrap nearly 300 outdated laws, many of which were enacted under British colonial rule and contribute to a notoriously cumbersome legal system.
The reforms enacted so far, economists say, will reduce red tape and help draw foreign investors.
Mr Modi has already appealed to the world to "make in India" as the country seeks jobs for its army of young people.
However, the big-bang reforms, such as amending the industrial disputes act to make it easier to lay off workers, are untouched.
Economists say they expect more progress on resolving labour issues and bringing in a national goods-and-services tax that will end the patchwork of levies making doing business in India costlier.
($1 = Rs 61)

Betting On the Beaten Up Investors Pin Hopes on Stocks in Europe  JapanYou are here: Home Market
Betting On the Beaten Up? Investors Pin Hopes on Stocks in Europe, Japan
Reuters | Updated On: October 24, 2014 11:11 (IST)
IVRCL Allots First Tranche of Shares to CDR Lenders
New York: Some very big investors are betting on an upswing in two problematic parts of the world right now, Europe and Japan, their confidence bolstered by the brisk money-printing from central banks in both regions.
Standard Life Investments, Goldman Sachs Asset Management, and Seven Investment Management are among those who believe in the potential returns to be found in European and Japanese stocks. Depreciating currencies, compelling valuations and rich dividend yields are among the biggest attractions. European banks, for instance, haven't looked this cheap since the 1980s, investment managers said.
Worries about economic weakness in the two regions helped trigger big stock market drops in the past two weeks. But rather than run for cover, several viewed that as a chance to scoop up shares at lower prices, arguing that a solid outlook for corporate profit growth was being overlooked in the economic gloom.
"This is our kind of market," said Marc Halperin, portfolio manager at Federated Investors in New York, with assets under management of $352 billion. "When there's blood in the streets and there is a high level of panic, uncertainty and irrationality, this is when we do the best."
The firm's $1.6 billion Federated International Leaders Fund, which Halperin helps manage, currently has about 75 per cent of its portfolio invested in European stocks.
John Maxwell at Ivy Funds in Kansas City said he added to holdings in four European companies and created new stakes in two others following the selloff in European stocks last week. Maxwell's $2.6 billion Ivy International Core Equity Fund has about 45.2 per cent of the portfolio invested in Europe.
A significant allure is that European and Japanese stocks are simply cheaper than most US shares.
On a price-to-book value basis - a measure of a company's worth should it liquidate - European stocks are at a 34 per cent discount to those in the US, Barclays data show.
Meanwhile, Japanese corporate earnings have beaten consensus estimates for seven straight quarters, but the market's forward price-earnings ratio is stuck at the low end of its historical range. Japan's PE multiple is 15.5, compared with 17.2 in Europe and 18.7 in the United States, Morgan Stanley data show.
Diverging policies, other risks
To be sure, it's not a riskless bet. The International Monetary Fund recently doubled its probability for a eurozone recession to nearly 40 per cent, and the simmering standoff between Ukraine and Russia, the region's biggest gas supplier, means there is the possibility of energy disruptions in the coming winter months.
Another worry is diverging monetary policy paths as the US Federal Reserve pivots slowly toward interest rate hikes, while the European Central Bank and Bank of Japan keep the easy money flowing. Those bullish on European and Japanese stocks say plans by their central banks to keep pumping money into their markets should provide ample cushion.
"We don't share the view that (US) rate rises are going to be destabilizing," said Chris Darbyshire, chief investment officer at Seven Investment Management in London, which manages $10 billion in assets.
Seven Investment reduced European holdings in the middle of the third quarter, but recently reinstated exposure in the region's banking sector, Darbyshire said, citing the ECB's stimulus, which includes buying banks' asset-backed securities and covered bonds.
"Not only are valuations better, but dividend yields have improved materially," said Darbyshire. "The European market is yielding close to 4 per cent. That's not a bad return, even if markets go nowhere."
Despite the sell-off, including a destabilizing plunge in stocks globally on October 15, global equity inflows into Europe have still been positive. Investors have poured $11.2 billion into European stock funds so far this year, through October 21, compared with $29.4 billion in the same period last year, data from EPFR Global show, though they suffered big outflows in the latest third quarter.
A weak euro has further boosted the earnings outlook for euro zone exporters by making them more competitive on world markets, as well as boosting profits from overseas operations once they are translated into euros. This has prompted Barclays Capital to forecast higher European corporate earnings for 2014 and 2015 at 10 percent and 17 per cent, respectively.
Europe's allure
Goldman sees opportunities in European equities.
"We need to remind ourselves that in buying European equities, we're not buying the European economy, we're buying European corporates," said London-based Neill Nuttall, co-chief investment officer of global portfolio solutions at Goldman, which oversees $1.14 trillion in assets.
Goldman's US rival Morgan Stanley is forecasting a 12-month return of 13 per cent for the MSCI European index, compared with just 8 per cent for the S&P 500.
And Seven Investment's Darbyshire said European banks' price-to-book ratio is currently around 1.0, a low level not seen since the mid-1980s.
"European banks are a screaming buy as it's one of the cheapest sectors," said Roger Sadewsky, investment director at Standard Life Investments in Edinburgh with about $337 billion in assets. "If you can take a longer-term view ... European banks should have some upside over time."
Japan inflows
A weakening yen is also drawing attention to Japan, where the TOPIX index gained 5 per cent in the third quarter compared with just 0.6 per cent for both the S&P 500 and the European index.
Global equity flows still show inflows into Japan, totaling $14.1 billion this year, through to Oct. 21, compared with $41.1 billion in the same period in 2013, EPFR data show.
Morgan Stanley estimates a 12-month return on the TOPIX of 18 per cent, noting Japanese equities could outperform again once Japanese investors start buying their own stocks.
Japanese holdings of domestic equities remain near all-time lows. Barclays said a conservative shift toward the middle of the 20-year range of Japan's holdings of stocks would translate into more than $1 trillion in flows into Japanese equities from cash or the government bond market.
Seven Investment has a triple overweight rating on Japanese stocks.
"There are dozens and dozens of catalysts in Japan and any one of those on their own would be a big deal for another country," said Seven Investment's Darbyshire. One big plus for Japan is the fact that both the government and the Bank of Japan are on the same page in terms of stimulating the economy, a dynamic not at play in Europe or the United States.
"Has the case for equities changed on a one-day basis? No, not at all," said Standard's Sadewsky. "In fact, last week's sell-off has created terrific opportunities for us."
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Finally  khadi seems to be on way to getting...You are here: Home > Collections
Centre mulls trademark for Brand Khadi
Reshmi R Dasgupta & Vijaya Rathore, ET Bureau Oct 25, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Anil Kumar
(NIFT's Banerjee & Jain's…)
NEW DELHI: Finally khadi seems to be on the way to getting its due, not only on the catwalk but also officially. Hot on the heels of Prime Minister Narendra Modi presenting the Chinese Prime Minister Xi Jinping a specially commissioned khadi waistcoat and US President Barack Obama with a khadi-bound copy of the Bhagavad Gita, comes an indication that the Centre is mulling a trademark for the freedom fabric too.
And it comes not a moment too soon. In 1918, Mahatma Gandhi brilliantly spun khadi into a people's movement for independence and self-reliance. Less than a century later, it's only around his birthday — October 2 — that most Indians remember this handspun, handwoven fabric, especially as there is an annual 5 per cent rebate. Yet this unique product of India has enormous business potential, even internationally
Next month, Bhaskar Banerjee and Bharat Jain, professors at the National Institute of Fashion Technology (NIFT) in Gandhinagar, will present a paper in Wuhan in China on khadi at the 89th Textile Institute World Conference. Their research shows that khadi suffers from a perception problem and is competing with the unorganised sector rather than brands and the duo have several useful suggestions. Less government intervention and looking beyond discounts and subsidies to promote khadi are nobrainers.
Brand building, innovation, consistency in production by khadi mandals, private partnerships and trademarks are also crucial but so are increasing minimum wages of the spinners and weavers from the current average of Rs 3,000 per month. Little wonder that the number of khadi producers in Gujarat alone has come down from 60,000 to 10,000.
Khadi has had eloquent champions in Gandhiji's grand-daughter Tara Gandhi Bhattacharjee and Kapurthala scion and designer Martand Singh among others and now the fashion fraternity has pitched in too. But for almost 60 years khadi has been synonymous with the staid government-run Khadi Gram Udyogs and Khadi Bhavans of the Khadi and Village Industries Commission (KVIC) and an increasingly discredited political class.
But with the Prime Minister urging Indians to bring a bit of khadi into their lives in his first nationwide radio address, KVIC and its nodal Ministry of Micro, Small & Medium Enterprises (MSME) have been pushed to get khadi trademarked to ensure quality and protect against fakes, and then create a larger market for Brand Khadi. This coincides with companies, retailers and designers also taking it up as a fabric of the future.
"A trademark would be a proof of authenticity and will provide legal protection too. We will create a distinct brand identity for khadi also, to attract buyers, especially the youth," said BH Anil Kumar, joint secretary in the MSME ministry, adding that packaging and design of khadi products will be ramped up too. "There will be more valueadded consumables so that khadi does not remain a synonym for a fabric, but connotes a lifestyle."But there is a hitch.
The ministry had earlier notified the Khadi Mark Regulations 2013, which empowered KVIC to issue tags and labels with the distinctive charkha logo by laying down standards of assurance. But the Trademarks Act stipulates that the certifying authority for trademarks must be independent of the products' makers. That rules out KVIC as its units make khadi. "Perhaps certification rights could be given to a third party," said Kumar. Around 2,200 khadi-producing institutions are registered with KVIC and the total turnover last year was a modest Rs 800 crore. The potential in a market the size of India is therefore obvious.
  So it is not surprising that the private sector has jumped in too. Levi's launched khadi jeans this August to tap the youth market - with every garment in the collection displaying the name of the weaver and where it was produced.But hearteningly, Indian designers were first off the mark on that score with Rajesh Pratap Singh creating a bespoke khadi denim collection in Rajasthan that's hand-stitched and hand dyed with natural indigo, in addition to being handspun and handwoven! Indeed, Indian designers have been upping the premium profile of the fabric at fashion weeks here and abroad. Not only has Hyderabad-based textile designer Gaurang Shah showed his khadi line at the Berlin and New York fashion weeks, khadi is becoming a fixture in most collections.

Two dead  including gunman  in US school shootingprint
Two students died in a shooting at a high school near Seattle in Washington state Friday morning, including the shooter, who killed himself, said the police.
The shooter, ninth-grader Jaylen Fryberg, opened fire in school’s cafeteria, striking six students, one of whom, a girl, died. The others suffered severe gunshot wounds.
The school, Marysville Pilchuck High School in Marysville, was quickly evacuated as officers, who reached within minutes, conducted door-to-door searches for more shooters.
Police had not identified the shooter till late Friday evening, but local news outlets did based on interviews with witnesses, many of who were his friends and classmates.
A boy attempts to make a call from his seat in a school bus while heading to a reunification center at Shoultes Christian Assembly Church following a school shooting on Friday, at Marysville Pilchuck High School in Marysville, Washington.  (AP Photo)
There have been an estimated 90 school shootings since the horrific massacre of 20 first-graders and six staff members at Sandy Hook Elementary in December 2012.
Gun control remains a contentious issue with the powerful gun lobby forcing President Barack Obama to abandon even a most modest change post Sandy Hook.
Unlike the Sandy Hook shooter Adam Lanza, who was mentally ill, Fryberg was a normal freshman, ninth-grader, according to friends and others in a series of TV interviews.
One of them called him a “popular kid”. A local parent said he was “well liked”. He was elected homecoming prince and played on his grade’s (American) football team.
Fryberg belonged to a family that is prominent in the American Indian Tulalip Tribes — his grandfather is director of fish and wildlife at the tribe, according to Seattle Times.
Marysville-Pilchuck students are bussed from the high school to the nearby Shoultes Christian Assembly Church where they were reunited with their families after a school shooting took place Friday. (AP Photo)
After the morning classes on Friday, Fryberg entered the cafeteria, walked over to a table and opened fire on the students sitting around it — two boys and two girls.
There was no word yet on the motive.
Local news outlets speculated Fryberg was in a dispute with another boy over a girl. The other theory was that he was angry with a girl who refused to go out on a date with him.
There were also no details about the gun, which witnesses described as small and unusual, and how he came to acquire it — being under 15, he couldn’t have bought it.

Shashi Tharoor dares Congress  to take up PM Modi s Clean India challenge todayOct 25, 2014 at 07:27am IST
Shashi Tharoor dares Congress, to take up PM Modi's Clean India challenge today
83
0
Thiruvananthapuram: This is a further boost to the Prime Minister Narendra Modi's Swachh Bharat campaign but the move could spell trouble for Congress MP Shashi Tharoor. The Congress leader has decided to take up the PM's Clean India challenge and will take part in the campaign at a beach in Thiruvananthapuram on Saturday.
Tharoor tweeted, "Vizhinjam Beach, a splendid site ruined by filth and garbage, which I will clean with local residents tomorrow 25/10 at 11am."
Tharoor was recently removed as Congress spokesperson for praising Narendra Modi.
Tharoor was recently removed as Congress spokesperson for praising Narendra Modi.
#shashi tharoor #narendra modi #clean india #clean up india
The Kerala Congress and the leader had been involved in a bitter war of words over the latter's support for the Prime Minister's cleanliness campaign. As the party mulled action against him, Tharoor defended himself saying the party had failed to understand his logic.
"No one from the Kerala Congress has contacted me even though they have the numbers. I wish they had bothered to understand what I was trying to say. We should not be seen as opposing Gandhi's principles. Instead Congress should have taken the initiative," Tharoor had said.
"Of course I will oppose the Swachh Bharat campaign if it's reduced to a day-old photo ops. As politicians we have to think of India and not be reduced to narrow politics," he had said after the Kerala Congress recommended disciplinary action against him.
Vizhinjam Beach, a splendid site ruined by filth&garbage, which I will clean w/local residents tomorrow 25/10 at 11am pic.twitter.com/rMywkClikJ
— Shashi Tharoor (@ShashiTharoor) October 24, 2014
118

Two killed  four wounded in Washington state school shootingOct 25, 2014 at 07:20am IST
Two killed, four wounded in Washington state school shooting
9
0
Washington: A student shot dead a female classmate and wounded four others when he opened fire in the cafeteria of his Washington state high school on Friday, apparently after a fight with fellow students, authorities said.
The shooter, a homecoming prince at Marysville-Pilchuck High School, took his own life as his classmates scrambled to safety in the latest outburst of deadly violence at an American school.
A school district official, who declined to be named, said the shooter was Jaylen Fryberg, a freshman who was a popular member of both the wrestling and football teams.
Students who knew Fryberg described him as outgoing and unlike the loner personality that is often associated with school shootings.
#us school #us #shooting #school
"He came up from behind and had a gun in his hand and he fired about eight bullets. They were his friends so it wasn't just random," student Jordan Luton told CNN, adding that the gunman fired several more shots.
"Then he turned and looked at me and my girlfriend and kind of gave us a smirk and turned around and then shot more bullets outside," Luton said.
Police would not confirm the gunman's identity or discuss possible motives for the shooting, but the school district official and several witnesses said he had been previously involved in a fight with another student.
Rebecca Cooley, whose son played sports with Fryberg and was in the cafeteria when the shooting began, said the altercation broke out on an athletic field following football practice and that one boy involved was among those shot.
Students who knew Fryberg described him as outgoing and unlike the loner personality that is often associated with school shootings.
"He seemed totally normal," said Gladis Jimenez, 15. "Yes, he had a lot of friends."
There were no indications on Fryberg's social media accounts that he had been planning such a rampage, but on Tuesday he posted his feelings of despondency, apparently over a romantic split, on Twitter.
"It breaks me. It actually does. I know it seems like I'm sweating it off. But I'm not and I never will be able to," he wrote.
All of the victims of the shooting were under 18, and three of the wounded were in critical condition with gunshot wounds to the head, said Joanne Roberts, chief of medicine at Providence Regional Medical Center in Everett. The fourth wounded victim suffered less serious injuries.
Two of the wounded were boys and two girls, hospital officials said.
The violence at Marysville-Pilchuck High School, some 30 miles (48 km) north of Seattle, marked the latest in a series of deadly shooting rampages at American schools that have played a central role in a national debate over gun laws.
In 2012, a 20-year-old gunman entered Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, Connecticut, and killed 20 children and six adults before taking his own life in one of the deadliest mass shootings in U.S. history.
Police would not say what kind of weapon Fryberg, who died of a self-inflicted gunshot wound, had used.
Local television stations showed images of students running from buildings and crossing a field with their hands up as officers with rifles ran across the schoolyard. The students were taken to a nearby church by bus.
Jimenez, a 10th-grader, said she heard two loud pops during her fifth-period class and then saw classmates running.
"I heard these two big noises, and I see kids running and they looked so scared. Then the fire alarm went off and we thought it was a fire," Jimenez told Reuters. "We lined up to go (to) the auditorium and then they said no, go back and we were just running and running back and forth."
6

Gold sales jump about 20 per cent for Diwali: Trade body14
0
Singapore: Gold sales in India during the festivals of Diwali and Dhanteras celebrated this week rose by about a fifth, a senior official at the country's biggest gold trade group said on Friday.
Premiums in India, the second biggest buyer of bullion, jumped to $17-$18 an ounce this week, compared with $12 last week, on surging demand.
Dhanteras, associated with Lakshmi - the goddess of wealth, and Diwali, the festival of lights, are both considered auspicious to buy gold.
Dhanteras, associated with Lakshmi - the goddess of wealth, and Diwali, the festival of lights, are both considered auspicious to buy gold.
"Diwali sales across the country were very good. It was about 20 percent higher compared with last year," Bachhraj Bamalwa, director at the All India Gems and Jewellery Trade Federation, told Reuters. The trade body represents more than 300,000 jewellers.
The strong demand from India could support global gold prices.
India set a record high import duty on gold last year to curb its trade deficit, and made it necessary for importers to re-export a fifth of all their purchases.
The moves contained imports into the country, with the resulting supply shortage sending local premiums to about $160 an ounce over the global benchmark at one point.
Some of the rules were eased earlier this year, leading to higher imports and a fall in local prices.
"This year prices were low, sentiment was good and we have a stable government in the centre; all of these helped boost sales," Bamalwa said, referring to this year's election of Narendra Modi as the prime minister.
Though the major gold buying festivals of the year are over, Bamalwa said sales could continue to be strong due to the wedding season that will extend until early next year.
In anticipation of strong demand during the festivals, India had imported $3.75 billion worth of gold in September - a 450 per cent jump from the same period last year.
The jump in imports weighed on the country's trade deficit again, sparking fears that the government could tighten the screws again on overseas purchases of gold.
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley was quoted in local media as saying that he could look at curbs on gold imports after the festive season.
Any further curbs could hurt imports and push up premiums, Bamalwa said.
In other parts of Asia, buying interest for gold was quiet, with premiums slipping in some regions, dealers said.
"I think prices have to fall toward or below $1,200 before people come into the physical markets again," said a trader in Hong Kong, where premiums slipped to $1.10-$1.20 an ounce from about $1.50 last week.
In China, premiums fell to about $1.50 an ounce on Friday from $2-$3 an ounce.
4

Tension brewing within NDA as SAD supports INLD instead of BJP in Haryana Assembly pollsOct 25, 2014 at  09:02am IST
Tension brewing within NDA as SAD supports INLD instead of BJP in Haryana Assembly polls
37
0
Chandigarh: Tension seemed to be brewing within the National Democratic Alliance after Shiromani Akali Dal went all out to support the Indian National Lok Dal instead of the Bharatiya Janata Party in the Haryana Assembly elections.
SAD led by Parkash Singh Badal and his son Sukhbir Badal is BJP's alliance partner in Punjab.
The Badals insisted that they had longstanding ties with the Chautalas and had informed the BJP leadership of their support to the INLD despite knowing how important it was for the BJP to win Haryana.
#sad #bjp #inld #haryana assembly elections 2014
The BJP won 47 seats in the 90-member House in Haryana and INLD managed to win just 20 seats.
While addressing a rally at Sirsa, Sukhbir Badal said, "SAD, INLD are together contesting 90 seats. The next government will be that of Om Prakash Chautala."
The tension between the two parties soon rose to the surface. Former BJP MP Navjot Sidhu hit out at the political positioning of the SAD in Haryana.
Sidhu said, "These people are the same who hug and kiss BJP in Punjab and wrestle with it in Haryana. With what face does our alliance partner in Punjab support a imprisoned person to become the CM of Haryana?"
Other BJP leaders in Punjab have also begun to say that the party should distance itself from the SAD and contest the 2017 Assembly elections in Punjab on its own. The Punjab BJP unit though maintains that the party will decide on its alliance with the SAD at the appropriate time.
Punjab BJP President Kamal Sharma said, "Yes BJP has become stronger under Modi. Our alliance with the SAD is strong. We will cross the bridge when we come to it."
The Akali Dal has denied any rift saying ties with the BJP are as solid as ever.
Punjab Minister Bikram Majithia said, "BJP and SAD have a very deep relationship. We were the first in supporting Modi to become to the PM. This relationship will stay together."
The BJP has been the minor partner in the SAD-BJP alliance in Punjab. With 12 seats in the 117-member Assembly, hitting the 59 mark to form the government on its own in 2017 might be a challenge. However, the results of the Haryana elections where the BJP went from 4 seats to 47 to form a majority government may prophesize a favourable outcome for the party in Punjab.
199

Happy New Year  vs  Don : Shah Rukh Khan explainsHappy New Year  vs  Don : Shah Rukh Khan explains
Dallas nurse cleared of Ebola virus  receives hug  thanks from Barack ObamaOct 25, 2014 at 09:12am IST
Dallas nurse cleared of Ebola virus, receives hug, thanks from Barack Obama
15
0
Bethesda: A nurse who caught Ebola while caring for a Dallas patient who died of the disease walked out of a Washington-area hospital virus-free and into open arms. Nina Pham got a hug from President Barack Obama in the Oval Office at the White House on Friday. And outside the hospital where she had been since last week, she got hugs from the nation's infectious disease chief, who oversaw her care.
White House spokesman Josh Earnest called the meeting with Obama "an opportunity for the president to thank her for her service." But the close contact between the president and the former patient also came as officials in New York tried to calm fears after a doctor was diagnosed with Ebola in that city.
Pham said she felt "fortunate and blessed to be standing here today," as she left the National Institutes of Health's Clinical Center in Bethesda, Maryland, where she had been since she arrived October 16 from Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital Dallas.
White House spokesman Josh Earnest called the meeting with Obama "an opportunity for the president to thank her for her service."
#us #ebola #dallas nurse #ebola virus
Pham thanked her health care teams in Dallas and at the NIH and singled out fellow Ebola survivor Dr Kent Brantly, who recovered after becoming infected in Liberia, for donating plasma containing Ebola-fighting antibodies as part of her care.
"Although I no longer have Ebola, I know it may be a while before I have my strength back," Pham said at a news conference.
Dr Anthony Fauci, director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, told reporters that five consecutive tests showed no virus left in her blood. Five tests is way beyond the norm, he stressed, but his team did extra testing because the NIH is a research hospital. He had walked out to the news conference with his arm around Pham and later gave her a big hug.
"She is cured of Ebola, let's get that clear," Fauci said. Pham stood throughout the approximately 20-minute press conference and was joined by her mother and sister. She read from a prepared statement and took no questions, but she called her experience "very stressful and challenging for me and for my family."
"I ask for my privacy and for my family's privacy to be respected as I return to Texas and try to get back to a normal life and reunite with my dog Bentley," she said, drawing laughter with the mention of her 1-year-old King Charles spaniel. Bentley has been in quarantine since Pham's diagnosis but has tested negative for the virus.
Pham is one of two nurses in Dallas who became infected with Ebola while treating Thomas Eric Duncan, who travelled to the United States from Liberia and died of the virus on October 8.
The second nurse, Amber Vinson, is being treated at Emory University Hospital in Atlanta, which yesterday issued a statement saying she "is making good progress" and that tests no longer detect virus in her blood.
14

Desist from using Xiaomi phones: IAF asks its personnelIAF asks personnel to shun Xiaomi phones, cites spying concerns
PTI  New Delhi, October 25, 2014
First Published: 10:22 IST(25/10/2014) | Last Updated: 14:06 IST(25/10/2014)
Comments
IAF personnel and their families have been asked not to use Chinese 'Xiaomi Redmi 1s' phones on the ground that data was allegedly transferred to their servers in China and it could be a security risk, a charge denied by the company.
"F-secure, a leading security solution company, recently carried out a test of Xiaomi Redmi 1s, the company's budget smartphone, and found that the phone was forwarding carrier name, phone number, IMEI (the device identifier) plus numbers from address book and text messages back to Beijing," says an advisory issued by the IAF to its personnel.
The note, issued some weeks ago, has been prepared by the intelligence unit based on the inputs from Indian Computer Emergency Response Team (CERT-In), according to IAF sources.
The company in a statement to PTI said though it does not have full information about the IAF circular, it believes that the advisory is based on events about two months ago.
"We believe, it refers to the F-Secure test done on the Redmi 1S in July 2014 about the activation of our Cloud Messaging service by default. We immediately addressed the concerns raised by F-Secure. We scheduled an OTA system update on August 10 to implement a change, which ensured that all the users had to manually activate the Cloud services, instead of being activated by default. After the upgrade, new users or users who factory reset their devices can enable the service by 'settings' section. Once users have activated the services, they also have an option to turn it off at any point of time," the company said.
It added that this change was directly acknowledged by F-Secure four days later, when they confirmed that their concerns were addressed.
However, the circular is dated post the event and mentions other details besides the concerns raised by F-Secure.
The company said it does not collect any information without user information.
In a general statement two days ago, the company had said it was fully committed to storing its users' data securely at all times. Xiaomi said it is migrating some data on non-Chinese customers away from its servers in Beijing due to performance and privacy considerations.
It said that earlier this year, its e-commerce engineering teams started migrating its global e-commerce platforms and user data for all international users from their Beijing data centres to Amazon AWS data centres in California (USA) and Singapore.
This migration process will be completed by the end of October and will benefit users in all of our international markets - Hong Kong, India, Indonesia, Malaysia, Philippines, Singapore, and Taiwan, it said.
Incidentally, the Taiwanese government is investigating whether Xiaomi Inc is a cyber security threat due to privacy issues.

PM deadline for babus  biometric attendance kicks in todayPrime Minister Narendra Modi has forged a reputation as a driven man and time runs out for the country’s bureaucrats to conform to his standards on Saturday as the deadline for new biometric attendance system kicks in.
 
The electronic system will track whether government officials are showing up for work on time.
 
What’s more, not only will Big Brother watch 'babus', as India's officialdom is stereotyped, but the public can also keep track of them through a website — attendance.gov.in — that quietly went live at the end of September.
 
In New Delhi, nearly half of the babus were yet to adopt the new biometric attendance system, leading to the Prime Minister’s Office (PMO) setting October 25 as the deadline for bringing the entire government workforce under the punctuality regime.
 
The corporate sector took to this system long ago, now, government officials, who are saddled with a reputation of taking it easier than the workforce in the private sector, have to fall in line.  
 
The dashboard of the Biometric Attendance System displays a dynamic, real-time chart of how many people are at work. It is also possible to click through and check when an individual checks in and logs out of the system.
A screenshot from the attendance.gov.in website. 
 
"It all started with the prime minister giving the idea," said project coordinator Shefali Sushil Dash of India's National Informatics Centre, the agency for e-government initiatives.
 
The system is based on the Aadhaar (Foundation) biometric identity card system launched by the last government that now covers 680 million people, and refines a pilot project launched by techno-bureaucrat Ram Sewak Sharma when he was posted in Jharkhand.
 
Using their Aadhaar numbers, more than 50,000 government workers at 148 government bodies in Delhi have been enrolled in the system. The plan is to double that figure.
 
Staff can clock in using a fingerprint scan at the entrance of their offices. Top-ranking civil servants can do so, without queuing, with devices attached to their workstations.
 
Dash said there had been "no complaints" from those enrolled in the scheme that it was intrusive. "This system is meant to make people's life easier," she told Reuters.
 
Based on a straw poll of his sources, Suhaib Ilyasi, editor of Bureaucracy Today — a magazine for and about Indian bureaucrats — said the response was positive.
 
"People like it even though they have to be punctual," he said. "Officers are government servants. They should be serving the people. There is no sense of intrusion."
 
Keeping the noses of officials to the grindstone is bullish for India, a country where even the most basic bureaucratic task can prove daunting, according to one investor.
 
"Modi's view is if I get the little things right, if I get the civil servants to work, to clear files, then I'm 80% of the way there," said Avinash Vazirani, manager of Jupiter Asset Management's India fund.
 
"This is Big Brother stuff but very effective. It's not just the central government. The state governments are trying to emulate this."
 
The Prime Minister's Office will also take part in the scheme, said Dash, although it was not clear whether Modi would be enrolled.

Nitin Gadkari meets Mohan Bhagwat at RSS headquarters in NagpurOct 25, 2014 at  11:49am IST
Nitin Gadkari meets RSS chief Bhagwat in Nagpur, suspense continues over Maharashtra CM
14
0
Nagpur: As the suspense over the chief minister of Maharashtra continues, Union Minister Nitin Gadkari met Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh chief Mohan Bhagwat in Nagpur on Saturday.
The meeting comes in the wake of reports that the RSS has endorsed party's Maharashtra President Devendra Fadanavis for chief minister's post.
Trouble has been brewing in the party over the chief minister's post. Even though Fadnavis is seen to be frontrunner for the post, 40 Vidarbha MLAs are backing Gadkari for the post.
#maharashtra assembly elections 2014 #maharashtra #nitin gadkari #mohan bhagwat
Gadkari has ruled himself out of the race for Maharashtra Chief Minister's post.
Gadkari had said, "I am not in the CM race, I do not want to be the CM. I feel sad when people say this as I have always maintained that I am not willing to go to state."
Fadnavis had met Bhagwat on Friday. He also had a meeting with Gadkari at latter's residence on Friday.
4

Sundar Pichai put in charge of Google s major productsSundar Pichai put in charge of major products and services at Google
New York Times Oct 27, 2014, 04.31AM IST
Tags:
(The move puts Pichai, 42,…)
By CONOR DOUGHERTY
Google can be a hard company to keep track of. Just ask Larry Page , its chief executive. On Friday, Mr Page promoted an executive, Sundar Pichai , to oversee every major Google product except YouTube.
The move arguably makes Mr Pichai the second-most powerful person at the company, and is intended to give Mr Page more time to focus on more futuristic projects, according to a person with knowledge of the situation. In a memo on Friday, Mr. Page said that Mr Pichai's empire - which already includes the Android and Chrome products, along with Google Apps like Google Docs and Gmail - will now include Research, Search, Maps, the social media network Google Plus, along with Commerce. He will also oversee technical infrastructure, which is essentially the ever-growing racks of servers and switches that keep all those products working.
The decision was first reported by Recode. The move adds an extra layer of management and gives Google a more traditional corporate structure, according to a person with knowledge of the announcement. In some ways, the position is analogous to a chief operating officer, except that Mr Pichai doesn't oversee typical operations initiatives like sales, finance or the company's legal department. Before the announcement, several different product chiefs reported to Mr Page directly - an unorthodox number of people for the leader of a company that has more than $60 billion in revenue.
Mr Page wants Google to make decisions faster, while freeing himself of iterative decisions - like a new Gmail feature - so he can spend more time on its growing list of big bets. Since reassuming the role of chief executive in 2011, Mr. Page has tried vari ous ways to decentralize decision-making and make the company feel smaller. There is the Google X research lab, where the company is developing products like self-driving cars.
Other times Google has simply put money into newer, smaller companies like Calico, a pharmaceutical company. This week, Google led a $542 million investment in Magic Leap, a secretive augmented reality company that has no products and no revenue but, according to some, could be the basis for a new kind of operating system. Maybe it will, maybe it won't. But the next big thing will come eventually. As Mr. Page's memo makes clear, he wants some time to figure it out.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Washington State School Shooting: 2 Dead  4 Hurt; Shooter was Angry about FailedWashington State School Shooting: 2 Dead  4 Hurt; Shooter was Angry about Failed
Nitin Gadkari meets RSS chief Bhagwat in Nagpur  suspense continues over Maharashtra CMOct 25, 2014 at  11:49am IST
Nitin Gadkari meets RSS chief Bhagwat in Nagpur, suspense continues over Maharashtra CM
14
0
Nagpur: As the suspense over the chief minister of Maharashtra continues, Union Minister Nitin Gadkari met Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh chief Mohan Bhagwat in Nagpur on Saturday.
The meeting comes in the wake of reports that the RSS has endorsed party's Maharashtra President Devendra Fadanavis for chief minister's post.
Trouble has been brewing in the party over the chief minister's post. Even though Fadnavis is seen to be frontrunner for the post, 40 Vidarbha MLAs are backing Gadkari for the post.
#maharashtra assembly elections 2014 #maharashtra #nitin gadkari #mohan bhagwat
Gadkari has ruled himself out of the race for Maharashtra Chief Minister's post.
Gadkari had said, "I am not in the CM race, I do not want to be the CM. I feel sad when people say this as I have always maintained that I am not willing to go to state."
Fadnavis had met Bhagwat on Friday. He also had a meeting with Gadkari at latter's residence on Friday.
4

PM Modi to meet journalists  editors at BJP headquarters todayOct 25, 2014 at  11:41am IST
PM Modi to meet journalists, editors at BJP headquarters today
39
0
New Delhi: Prime Minister Narendra Modi will meet journalists for the first time after assuming the office on Saturday.
Modi along with BJP President Amit Shah will be speaking to journalists and editors at the BJP headquarters in the national capital.
Other senior party leaders, including Union Minister Arun Jaitley will be present at the event.
Union Minister Prakash Javadekar has made it clear that the event is just a 'Diwali Milan' and not a press conference.
The interaction comes a day before the Prime Minister's dinner with the NDA allies.
1
more »
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Expensive stocks that still have scope for gainsStory
At a premium
We bring sectors and stocks that are trading at high valuations but still offer scope for gains
Tanvi Varma      Follow @vtanvi    Edition: October 2014
(Photo: Reuters)
Market experts, while discussing investment options, frequently talk about stocks as being 'cheap' or 'expensive'. They are referring to the stock being priced too high or low in light of the company's total earnings it has a claim on. The figure, called the price-to-earnings, or PE, ratio is calculated by dividing the share price by earnings per share.
This is how it works. If earnings remain the same or rise at a slower pace than the stock price, the PE ratio will rise. At some point, the price of the stock will be deemed too high vis-a-vis the earnings per share. So, it will be declared a sell candidate. Conversely, if the PE ratio falls, either because of rise in earnings or fall in the share price, the stock becomes cheap and, thus, attractive. This is because in such a case each share will have a claim on more earnings.
"In theory, the higher the PE ratio, the more expensive the stock. However, there are other parameters also to find out if the stock is expensive or cheap," says Devang Mehta, senior vice president & head, Equity Advisory, Anand Rathi Investment Services.
Sky-high PEs
Though there are many other metrics to value stocks, some more suited to one industry than the other, the PE ratio remains the most popular. This is because it is the only parameter that goes to the heart of what businesses are all about-owner or shareholder earnings.
We discuss sectors and stocks that are expensive but still offer good money-making opportunities.
PRICEY INDICES
The Indian stock market is trading at a PE of 20.78 times 12 months trailing earnings (as on July 31). This makes it among the most expensive. The PE of an index is calculated by dividing the index level by total earnings per share.
MSCI India vs other MSCI indices
The reason for such a high PE is the rally in stocks due to hope that India's economy will again start growing at a fast pace. In fact, some sector indices such as Realty are trading up to 60 times 12 months trailing earnings, much higher than their long-term averages. The National Stock Exchange (NSE) Pharmaceutical index, for instance, is trading at a PE of 45 times. It is followed by the NSE FMCG index, which is trading at 35 times earnings.
Dipen Shah, head, Private Client Group Research, Kotak Securities, says companies in defensive sectors such as pharmaceutical and FMCG are highly valued due to predictability of growth and large amounts of cash on balance sheets. In fact, several multinationals, or MNCs, in the defensive pack deserve a higher valuation, he says.
Take the case of pharmaceutical companies. "India is an attractive market for pharmaceutical MNCs because of billion-plus population, rising incomes and incidence of lifestyle diseases and spread of medical insurance. That is why they are willing to pay a high premium for good companies in the space," says Mehta of Anand Rathi. Also, these MNCs are finding it tough to grow in their home markets, making India all the more attractive for them. That is why despite the high valuation, Mehta is upbeat on the sector.
Among the big players, Sun Pharmaceutical and Glaxosmithkline are trading at PEs of 51 and 44.5, respectively. Vinay Khattar, associate director & head of research, Edelweiss, says Sun's valuation is justified due to its high margins and return ratios.
"Glaxosmithkline commands a high valuation as it has a strong parent, which gives it access to a long product pipeline, and good brand-building ability," says Mehta of Anand Rathi. "It is one of the few companies with an ability to grow at a reasonable rate without requiring a lot of capital," he says.
FAVOURITE FMCG
"FMCG companies have always been valued highly as they are not much affected by changes in government policies and the macroeconomic environment," says Mehta. Moreover, some of the biggest companies in the space such as HUL, P&G and Colgate are owned by big foreign parents. Their financials, too, are strong.
Warren Buffett recommends companies that offer unique products/services. The biggest advantage of such companies, he says, is that they are likely to have a lot of cash. FMCG companies fall in this category.
Take Asian Paints, which is among the most expensive stocks (trades at 47 times earnings). Still, many analysts like India's largest paint company due to its large supply network, strong brand and good portfolio mix. Coming close on its heels is Berger Paints with a PE of 42 times earnings. It is the second-largest company in India's decorative paints industry with a market share of 17-18%. Similarly, Pidilite is a great franchise with leadership in the adhesive segment and huge pricing power. It has all the plus points of an FMCG company-high sales growth, operating margin growth and return on equity. But Kotak's Shah is not comfortable with valuations in the FMCG sector and advises investors to choose stocks carefully.
REALTY TALES
The BSE Realty index was trading at 60 times trailing 12 months earnings in May. It has been rising due to optimism about revival of demand for real estate. Still, is the high PE ratio justified, considering that the economy and, therefore, demand for real estate may take many quarters to revive? While the signals are mixed, most experts suggest investors to be cautions while investing in real estate stocks. The PE ratios they say, may not be justified by the expected growth in the near future. But Mehta says investors should not judge real estate companies by only their PE ratios. They should look at project execution record and margins as well. They must also see the working capital to sales ratio due to the long gestation period of projects, debt, margins and return on capital.
RIDING THE WAVE
The auto index, too, has been scaling new highs since the start of the year.
Eicher Motors is one of the most expensive auto stock (trading at 53 times 12 months trailing earnings).
"High growth in Royal Enfield sales, expected recovery in the commercial vehicle segment and pricing power have helped the Eicher stock notch up spectacular gains," says Mehta of Anand Rathi. The stock has given a return of 58% a year since March 2011; it was trading at Rs 8,500 on July 31.
The Motherson Sumi stock has also risen sharply of late. It is trading at 42 times earnings. Mehta rates the stock as a buy and expects the good performance to continue.
HEAVY METAL
Many metal stocks have also risen sharply of late, mainly due to higher demand from China, and revival of India's economy. The JSW Steel stock, for instance, rose from Rs 1,035 on March 31 to Rs 1,180 on July 31. It is trading at 63 times 12 months trailing earnings.
Metal companies are valued on the basis of EBITDA, which in case of JSW Steel is expected to grow 43% a year between 2013-14 and 2015-16, according to a report by Edelweiss. EBITDA, or operating profit, stands for earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation.
Most expensive BSE 200 stocks according to their 12-month trailing PE Ratios
Similarly, power stocks have risen up to 35% in the last six months due to optimism about growth, increase in fuel availability and higher utilisation rates. Although the earnings of these companies are not very high, they are valued on the basis of assets. JP Power Ventures, for instance, was the most expensive stock based on trailing 12 months earnings in the BSE 200 index on July 31. According to a report by Emkay Global Financial Services, the stock can be bought on dips as the company's enterprise value is close to Rs 12,000 crore for its three hydro power plants, implying a price to book of 2.2 times, which is reasonable given that these plants' return on equity is 25%. Judicious analysis
Shah of Kotak says analysing stocks on the basis of trailing PE ratios may be misleading, especially in the current environment when things are changing fast, making forward earnings more important. One must always compare a company's PE to that of its peers. "Many high-risk companies will have low PE ratios, which means the market is not willing to pay a high price for risk. Examples can be sectors such as metals and sugar," says Mehta of Anand Rathi.
Shah says a few stocks will always command high valuations because of scarcity premium (not many listed companies in the space). An example is Jubilant Foodworks, which runs Dominos and Dunkin Donuts. The stock is trading at 70 times 12 months trailing and 52 times 2014-15 earnings. However, Emkay Global Financial Services has a sell rating on it as the company's margins are under pressure due to addition of more stores and high operating expenses. Shah expects premium valuations for the internet and ecommerce sector, which is an emerging area.

Kaushal Srivastava is the new CBEC ChairmanKaushal Srivastava is the new CBEC Chairman
Our Bureau
Tweet
New Delhi, October 24:  
Kaushal Srivastava is set to become the new Chairman of the Central Board of Excise and Custom (CBEC), the apex policy making body of indirect taxes.
Srivastava, a 1978 batch Indian Revenue Service officer and senior-most in the board after the present chairperson, is at present Member (budget) with additional charge of computerisation and vigilance. He will replace JM Shanti Sundharam, who is retiring on October 31. Srivastava will remain at the top post till July next year when he turns 60, the official age of retirement.
All eyes are now on the appointment of new members in the board, which has a required strength of seven (Chairman and six members). However, two posts are lying vacant.
The appointment of members is critical, as the Finance Ministry has fixed a target of 25.8 per cent in the current fiscal over actual tax collection in 2013-14.
(This article was published on October 24, 2014)
Related

Diwali 2014 shows up air quality monitoring snafusDiwali 2014 shows up air quality monitoring snafus
Jaitley is top crorepati in PM Modi s CabinetFinance minister Arun Jaitley is top crorepati in PM Narendra Modi's Cabinet
Kumar Vikram        Last Updated: October 25, 2014  | 17:01 IST
Finance Minister  Arun Jaitley. Photo: PTI
If wealth be health, Prime Minister Narendra Modi's Council of Ministers is pretty much in the pink. Of the 44 members in Modi's ministerial team, no less than 41 or 91 per cent are crorepatis. This compares rather favourably with the United Progressive Alliance II's Council of Ministers, where 47 of 79 ministers just about 60 per cent were similarly wealthy.
Union Finance and Defence Minister Arun Jaitley is the richest minister of the National Democratic Alliance (NDA) government with assets totalling Rs 114.03 crore. It is Railway Minister D.V. Sadananda Gowda, however, whose assets have shown the greatest increase of Rs 10.46 crore since he took over as minister, from Rs 9.88 crore as declared in the Lok Sabha elections to Rs 20.35 crore now.
The wealth of Modi's ministers has been analysed by the Association for Democratic Reforms (ADR) and National Election Watch (NEW) by comparing the declarations filed for the Lok Sabha elections in May this year and those sent about five months later to the Prime Minister's Office (PMO). Declarations of 45 ministers, including Modi himself, have been thus analysed. Of the 45 ministers, 37 had contested the Lok Sabha elections in 2014 and eight are members of the Rajya Sabha.
Unlike the railway minister, Jaitley's assets have shown an increase of Rs.1.01 crore in the same period. Jaitley's assets rose in value from Rs 113.02 crore during the Lok Sabha polls to Rs 114.03 crore in the 2014 disclosure to the PMO.
He is fond of luxury cars and has declared ownership of high-end cars like a Porsche worth Rs 1.02 crore, and vehicles from Mercedes Benz and BMW among others. Gowda's growth is on the fast track primarily because he has acquired a commercial building worth Rs 13.49 lakh as well as a residential building worth Rs.11.65 crore.
Matter of assets
The average value of assets of Modi's Council of Ministers, according to the declarations on the PMO website, is Rs 14.32 crore. Following Jaitley on the rich list are Food Processing Minister Harsimrat Kaur Badal of the Shiromani Akali Dal (Rs.108.31 crore) and Minister of State (Independent Charge) for Power, Coal and New and New and Renewable Energy Piyush Goyal of the Bharatiya Janata Party (Rs 94.66 crore).
According to the ADR, many Union ministers including Gowda, Dr Harsh Vardhan, Ananth Kumar, Jitendra Kumar, Manoj Sinha, and Santosh Kumar Gangwar have not declared the value of their agricultural land in their declarations.
On the not-so-rich side, the least wealth has been declared by Sudarshan Bhagat of BJP (Rs 59.13 lakh) followed by Mansukhbhai Dhanjibhai Vasava of the BJP (Rs 65.71 lakh) and Ram Vilas Paswan of Lok Janashakti Party (Rs 95.71 lakh).
Among the ministers who contested the Lok Sabha 2014 elections, the highest increase in assets in five months has been shown by D.V. Sadananda Gowda of the BJP (Cabinet Minister for Railways). Gowda is followed by Minister of State (Independent Charge) for Heavy Industries and Public Enterprises Radhakrishnan P. of the BJP who has shown an increase of Rs 2.98 crore from the Rs 4.09 crore he declared in the Lok Sabha polls. The reason for the increase in the property of many ministers, including Radhakrishnan P. has been difficult to evaluate as some ministers have not declared the values of their assets in a comprehensive format.
The great dip
There are 16 ministers whose wealth has shrunk in the journey from the General Elections to the Council of Ministers. The greatest decrease is for External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj whose wealth has fallen by Rs 3.89 crore (from Rs 17.55 crore to Rs 13.65 crore). She is followed by Minister of State (Independent Charge) for Development of North-eastern Region Gen. (Retd) V.K. Singh of BJP who has declared a decrease of Rs 3.13 crore (from Rs 4.11 crore declared in the 2014 Lok Sabha elections to Rs 98.27 lakh declared in the disclosure to the PMO). The former Army chief is followed by Health and Family Welfare Minister Dr. Harsh Vardhan of BJP who has declared a decrease of Rs.1.28 crore (from Rs.2.82 crore declared in the 2014 Lok Sabha elections to Rs.1.54 crore in the disclosure to the PMO).
The declaration of assets by the ministers has been made according to the Code of Conduct issued by the Ministry of Home Affairs which makes it mandatory for every minister to disclose details of their assets and liabilities.
The 2009 UPA Council of Ministers had 47 crorepati members, of which 38 were from the Congress, five from the Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam, two from the Nationalist Congress Party, and one each from the National Conference and Trinamool Congress. NCP leader Praful Patel was the richest of the lot with assets worth Rs.89.9 crore.

This Brand Grew More Thank Google  Apple This YearYou are here: Home Corporates
Facebook Pips Google, Apple in Global Brand Growth Ranking
NDTV | Written By: Sandeep Saib | Updated On: October 25, 2014 14:34 (IST)
Aviation Regulator Acts Tough Against Troubled SpiceJet: Report
Facebook has jumped 23 positions this year in a ranking of the best brands around the globe with tech giants Apple, Google and Microsoft in the top five. Even with the iPhone maker leading the list for the second straight year, and Facebook far away at the 29th spot, the popular social networking player has outshined all other names in the list in terms of brand value growth.
Facebook saw the maximum year-on-year increase in brand value, according to the 2014 Best Global Brands report by Interbrand, a New York-based consultancy.
Brand value, which is estimated as the premium its customers are willing to pay as compared to its generic equivalent, of the social networking giant is $14.34 billion, says Interbrand. This is a whopping 86 per cent higher than the $7.73 billion in the 2013 edition of the report. ( See the ranking here )
The consultancy describes the "top riser" Facebook as "probably the first brand that comes to mind for most consumers when they hear the term 'social media'".
"Even though Facebook's user base growth has slowed down, innovations in ad format and delivery, and of course, its success in unlocking mobile revenue, have accelerated the company's growth," Interbrand says.
Menlo Park, California-based Facebook is headed by Mark Zuckerberg, who also features in a Forbes list of the youngest billionaires of America.
Second to Facebook in terms of brand value growth is German carmaker Audi, whose brand value is up 27 per cent at $9.8 billion. Audi is followed by e-tailing behemoth Amazon (25 per cent), Volkswagen (23.4 per cent) and Nissan (22.9 per cent).
Apple remained at the top with a 21 per cent increase in brand value at $118.9 billion. Coca-Cola, which had remained at the No. 1 position for at least 12 straight years, was pushed to the third spot in the 2013 edition of the Best Global Brands report by the iPhone maker along with Google.
Besides, Chinese telecom equipment maker Huawei was the only new tech entrant in the Best Global Brands ranking this year. Interbrand estimates its brand value at $4.3 billion.
"Best Global Brands is the definitive list of the world's most valuable brands," the brand consultancy says on its website.
"Since we opened for business in 1974, we have changed the way the world sees branding: from just another word for 'logo', to a business's most valuable asset, to business strategy brought to life."
Story first published on: October 25, 2014 11:38 (IST)

US Firm Fined for Underpaying Indian StaffYou are here: Home Corporates
US Tech Firm Fined for Underpaying Indian Workers
Associated Press | Updated On: October 24, 2014 11:25 (IST)
Aviation Regulator Acts Tough Against Troubled SpiceJet: Report
San Francisco: A Silicon Valley company is paying more than $43,000 in back wages and penalties after labor regulators found eight employees brought from India were grossly underpaid and overworked while assigned to a special project in the US
The probe announced this week by the US Department of Labor uncovered several egregious violations at Electronics for Imaging Inc., a printing technology specialist that generated revenue of $728 million last year, when the misconduct occurred.
Among other things, Electronics for Imaging paid the eight workers far below California's required minimum wage - $8 per hour at the time - while they helped the company move its headquarters from Foster City, California, to Fremont, California, during a three-month period, according to the Labor Department.
While assigned to the project, some of the Indian workers logged as many as 122 hours in a week without being paid overtime. As result, they received as little as $1.21 per hour.
Electronics for Imaging says it "unintentionally overlooked" US laws requiring foreign workers to be paid at least minimum wage, with overtime for more than 40 weekly hours on the job. Instead, the company gave the Indians unspecified bonuses while paying the transferred workers the same wages they normally received in their normal jobs in Bangalore, India. The workers were even paid in rupees while in the US.
Michael Eastwood, a Department of Labor assistant district director, said the abuses at Electronics for Imaging were among the most outrageous he had ever seen - even worse than problems he had seen at garment factories in southern California.
"This is worse than anything that I ever saw in any of those Los Angeles sweatshops," Eastwood said Thursday.
The Electronics for Imaging case serves as a reminder of the economic divide between high-tech workforces in the US and less-developed countries. While engineers and other technology employees are paid more than $100,000 salaries and lucrative stock incentives, workers handling other jobs for the same employer often receive paltry pay if they are based in countries such as India, China and Mexico.
Although it is not among Silicon Valley's high-profile companies, Electronics for Imaging is successful. The company earned $109 million last year and awarded CEO Guy Gecht with a pay package valued at nearly $6 million, including more than $1.2 million in salary and bonuses.
Electronics for Imaging is paying more than $40,000 in back wages and damages to the eight Indian workers and a $3,520 fine.
Story first published on: October 24, 2014 08:56 (IST)

All life-saving drugs may come under price capAll life-saving drugs may come under price cap
Sushmi Dey | New Delhi Oct 25, 2014 12:59 AM IST
All life-saving medicines for critical diseases, such as anti-retrovirals, anti-tuberculosis, pediatric formulations and fixed-dose combinations, might soon come under the government's price control. At present, there is a cap on the prices of only 348 such formulations listed under the National List of Essential Medicines (NLEM).
The National Pharmaceutical Pricing Authority (NPPA) has prepared a detailed note with recommendations to revise the NLEM list to include therapeutic areas and key formulations that are prescribed more often. The regulator had also suggested tweaking the policy to bring in a provision to monitor prices of even close substitutes and analogues prescribed along with such life-saving medicines, an official source in know of the development told Business Standard.
The move is expected to have an impact on major drug makers like Ranbaxy, Sun Pharma, GlaxoSmithKline, Novartis and Pfizer, which have large share of the market. These firms might face a sharp reduction in margins after inclusion of new drugs in the list.
Besides drugs, the revised policy might include medical devices. But the simple-average formula used for fixing the prices of medicines might not apply on these devices, the official said.
NPPA's recommendations would go to the department of pharmaceuticals in the health ministry, and a high-level core committee on drug pricing. The committee is expected to meet early next month to consider the suggestions.
The move comes when NPPA is facing troubles in bringing down the prices of some key medicines that are much costlier than their alternative formulations available in the market. Recently, the regulator had to withdraw a set of guidelines it issued in May invoking a public interest clause. Based on these guidelines, it had earlier reduced the prices of 108 medicines in the anti-diabetes and cardiovascular segments and promised to bring many more drugs under price control. Pharmaceutical companies had challenged the guidelines in various high courts.
Though the regulator has not yet withdrawn the pricing orders for diabetes and cardiovascular medicines, it might have to do so if courts give such directives in the context of guidelines being withdrawn.
Now, by proposing to expand the list of essential medicines, NPPA is trying to address the concern from its root.
"We want to target those segments where volumes are high because consumption is high. However, there is a huge price disparity. The expansion of NLEM will try to address this loophole," the official said.
According to data compiled by the All India Organisation of Chemist & Druggist, anti-infectives, cardiac, gastro-intestinal, respiratory, anti-diabetic, analgesic, neuro and gyneacological medicines are among top-selling categories with high growth rate. The changes proposed by NPPA are aimed at capturing most of the drugs for these segments.
COSTLY REMEDY?
The prices of the 348 formulations in the NLEM list are controlled
 
SUGGESTION
NPPA's note has recommended revising the NLEM list to include therapeutic areas and formulations prescribed more often
 
LIKELY IMPACT
Margins of drug majors like Sun Pharma, Ranbaxy, GSK, Novartis and Pfizer are likely to be hit

Vigilance books 14 including NMCH medical superintendent in drugscamPrint
Written by Santosh Singh | Patna | Posted: October 25, 2014 10:53 am | Updated: October 25, 2014 12:25 pm
Vigilance Investigation Bureau (VIB) of Bihar government booked 14 people including then medical superintendent of Patna-based Nalanda Medical College and Hospital (NMCH) in multi-crore drug scam that took place between 2008 and 2010 under Nitish Kumar-led NDA rule.
The scam pertained to purchase of medicines, medical equipment and chemicals by NMCH authorities on inflated rates as detected by departmental inquiry committee in 2010 itself. The matter was later referred to VIB that yesterday lodged cases for forgery and criminal conspiracy and also for engaging in corrupt practices after detailed primary investigation, a standard process before filing FIR in such cases.
Vigilance Superintendent of Police Ajit Kumar, who has been appointed investigation officer of the case, said those included in the FIR are then NMCH MS NK Yadav, then anaesthesia department head AK Vatsyayan, pharmacists Dhanushdhari Prasad Singh and Sudhanshu Kumar Singh, accountant Sheshnarayan Prasad Singh, clerks Shyam Narayan Prasad and Dasrath Prasad, MS’ PA Rahul Kumar and six medicine and equipment suppliers. Though the VIB’s primary investigation suggested irregularities worth Rs 1.6 Cr, the scam amount can be much bigger, said VIB sources.
Principal Secretary, health, Deepak Kumar said: “VIB has now lodged the case and will ensure they had a strong case”.

Coal India appoints M/s Chaturvedi Co. as statutory auditorOct 25, 2014, 11.13 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Coal India appoints M/s Chaturvedi & Co. as statutory auditor
Coal India has informed that Office of Comptroller and Auditor General of India has appointed M/s Chaturvedi & Co., Chartered Accountants, 60, Bentinck Street, Kolkata - 700 069 as statutory auditor of the company for the year 2014-15 vice De Chakraborty & Sen, Chartered Accountants, Kolkata.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Coal India appoints M/s Chaturvedi & Co. as statutory auditor
Coal India has informed that Office of Comptroller and Auditor General of India has appointed M/s Chaturvedi & Co., Chartered Accountants, 60, Bentinck Street, Kolkata - 700 069 as statutory auditor of the company for the year 2014-15 vice De Chakraborty & Sen, Chartered Accountants, Kolkata.
Post your opinion here
 
Coal India Ltd has informed BSE that Office of Comptroller and Auditor General of India has appointed M/s Chaturvedi & Co., Chartered Accountants, 60, Bentinck Street, Kolkata - 700 069 as Statutory Auditor of the Company for the year 2014-15 vice De Chakraborty & Sen, Chartered Accountants, Kolkata.Source : BSE

HOV Services appoints Lakshmi Kumar as additional directorOct 25, 2014, 11.11 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
HOV Services appoints Lakshmi Kumar as additional director
HOV Services has informed that the board of directors vide circular resolution dated October 23, 2014, have approved the appointment of Mrs. Lakshmi Kumar as an additional director effective October 24, 2014. The Board has considered her as an independent director in terms of the provisions of Section 149 of the Companies Act 2013.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
HOV Services appoints Lakshmi Kumar as additional director
HOV Services has informed that the board of directors vide circular resolution dated October 23, 2014, have approved the appointment of Mrs. Lakshmi Kumar as an additional director effective October 24, 2014. The Board has considered her as an independent director in terms of the provisions of Section 149 of the Companies Act 2013.
Post your opinion here
 
HOV Services Ltd has informed BSE that the Board of Directors vide circular resolution dated October 23, 2014, have approved the appointment of Mrs. Lakshmi Kumar as an Additional Director effective October 24, 2014. The Board has considered her as an Independent Director in terms of the provisions of Section 149 of the Companies Act 2013. Mrs. Lakshmi Kumar shall hold office as an Additional Director till the ensuing Annual General Meeting of the Company.Source : BSE

VEDAVAAG Systems: Outcome of board meetingOct 25, 2014, 11.10 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
VEDAVAAG Systems: Outcome of board meeting
VEDAVAAG Systems has informed regarding the outcome of board meeting of the company held on October 24, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
VEDAVAAG Systems: Outcome of board meeting
VEDAVAAG Systems has informed regarding the outcome of board meeting of the company held on October 24, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
VEDAVAAG Systems Ltd has informed BSE regarding the Outcome of Board Meeting of the Company held on October 24, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Pak court frees suspect in US journalist Daniel Pearl s beheading casePak court frees suspect in US journalist Daniel Pearl s beheading case
Villagers attack policemen in BirbhumVillagers attack policemen in Birbhum
PM deadline for babus  biometric attendance kicks inPrime Minister Narendra Modi has forged a reputation as a driven man and time runs out for the country’s bureaucrats to conform to his standards on Saturday as the deadline for new biometric attendance system kicks in.
 
The electronic system will track whether government officials are showing up for work on time.
 
What’s more, not only will Big Brother watch 'babus', as India's officialdom is stereotyped, but the public can also keep track of them through a website — attendance.gov.in — that quietly went live at the end of September.
 
In New Delhi, nearly half of the babus were yet to adopt the new biometric attendance system, leading to the Prime Minister’s Office (PMO) setting October 25 as the deadline for bringing the entire government workforce under the punctuality regime.
 
The corporate sector took to this system long ago, now, government officials, who are saddled with a reputation of taking it easier than the workforce in the private sector, have to fall in line.  
 
The dashboard of the Biometric Attendance System displays a dynamic, real-time chart of how many people are at work. It is also possible to click through and check when an individual checks in and logs out of the system.
A screenshot from the attendance.gov.in website. 
 
"It all started with the prime minister giving the idea," said project coordinator Shefali Sushil Dash of India's National Informatics Centre, the agency for e-government initiatives.
 
The system is based on the Aadhaar (Foundation) biometric identity card system launched by the last government that now covers 680 million people, and refines a pilot project launched by techno-bureaucrat Ram Sewak Sharma when he was posted in Jharkhand.
 
Using their Aadhaar numbers, more than 50,000 government workers at 148 government bodies in Delhi have been enrolled in the system. The plan is to double that figure.
 
Staff can clock in using a fingerprint scan at the entrance of their offices. Top-ranking civil servants can do so, without queuing, with devices attached to their workstations.
 
Dash said there had been "no complaints" from those enrolled in the scheme that it was intrusive. "This system is meant to make people's life easier," she told Reuters.
 
Based on a straw poll of his sources, Suhaib Ilyasi, editor of Bureaucracy Today — a magazine for and about Indian bureaucrats — said the response was positive.
 
"People like it even though they have to be punctual," he said. "Officers are government servants. They should be serving the people. There is no sense of intrusion."
 
Keeping the noses of officials to the grindstone is bullish for India, a country where even the most basic bureaucratic task can prove daunting, according to one investor.
 
"Modi's view is if I get the little things right, if I get the civil servants to work, to clear files, then I'm 80% of the way there," said Avinash Vazirani, manager of Jupiter Asset Management's India fund.
 
"This is Big Brother stuff but very effective. It's not just the central government. The state governments are trying to emulate this."
 
The Prime Minister's Office will also take part in the scheme, said Dash, although it was not clear whether Modi would be enrolled.

Live: PM Narendra Modi interacts with media in DelhiBMW's new M4 India review
The renowned M3 badge may be alive and kicking to refer to the ‘M’ version of the latest generation of BMW’s 3-series sedan but for all intents and purposes, it is this car – the new M4 – which is the real successor to the legendary BMW M3 Coupé.
It turns out Kawasaki’s big bike portfolio is steadily evolving at a welcome pace in India, with each successive motorcycle pretty much at the top of its game, even in terms of the crucial affordability factor.
other stories

PM media meet live: Narendra Modi reaches BJP headquarters to meet journalists  editors1
0
12:17 PM: Modi says, "Situation now is not only government but everyone together will take up the job of keeping India clean."
12:16 PM: Modi says, "You have weilded your pen like a broom from my 'Swachh Bharat Abhiyaan'.
12:15 PM: Modi says, "I see media playing a major role in changing the country, Many governments are being forced to wake up. Writing about the Clean India drive is a service to the nation."
The interaction comes a day before the Prime Minister's dinner with the NDA allies.
#narenda modi #bjp #amit shah #arun jaitley
12:13 PM: Modi says, "I can see how the media can contribute further to the development of the nation with their association to the Clean India Campaign."
12:11 PM: PM Modi thanks journalists for highlighting Clean India campaign. "I am happy that the media is highlighting the Clean India Campaign. I thank you for it. This is a big service being done."
12:10 PM: PM Modi says, "I am looking the way to see how I can further deepen my old ties with you all ( media). Hopefully, I will find a way to improve my connection with the media."
12:07 PM: Modi says, "I also used to put chairs here waiting for you people. I had a friendly relation with you."
12:06 PM: PM Narendra Modi addresses the event. He remembers his past days with the media.
12:05 PM: Amit Shah thanks journalists, editors. "In Gujarat new year starts after Diwali. This new year has been very good for us. The Central government is performing well and has got the mandate from the people."
12:03 PM: Amit Shah addresses the event.
11:59 AM: Prime Minister Narendra Modi reaches BJP headquarters to meet journalist, editors.
11:57 AM: Power Minister Piyush Goel says, "This shows that media is an integral part. The message is that every part of India joins together to celebrate Diwali for the unity and integrity of India."
11:50 AM: Union Ministers Sushma Swaraj, ajnath Singh, Piyush Goel arrive at the venue
11:20 AM: Union Minister Prakash Javadekar says it is a Diwali Milan and not a press conference.
11:05 AM: The venue is packed with journalists, editors from various newspapers, television channels.
11 AM:Finance Minster Arun Jaitley reaches BJP headquarters.
10:45 AM: The event is being held at BJP headquarters. Earlier, the event was scheduled for PM's residence, 7 Race Course Road.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will meet journalists for the first time after assuming the office.
Modi along with BJP President Amit Shah will be speaking to journalists and editors at the BJP headquarters in the national capital.
Other senior party leaders, including Union Minister Arun Jaitley will be present at the event.
The interaction comes a day before the Prime Minister's dinner with the NDA allies.
2

J&K: Congress Minister resigns from Omar Abdullah ministry7
0
Jammu: Ahead of announcement of elections in Jammu and Kashmir, Congress Minister Sham Lal Sharma, who has been facing criticism over handling of recent floods, has tendered his resignation from the Omar Abdullah ministry.
Citing alleged sabotage of regularisation of daily wagers as a reason for tendering his resignation, Sharma, who is Minister for Public Health Engineering and Flood Control, met Jammu and Kashmir's Congress Chief Saif-ud-din Soz last night and handed over his resignation.
"I have submitted my resignation to the Prof Saifuddin Soz as the Chief Minister is out of station," Sharma said.
"I have submitted my resignation to the Prof Saifuddin Soz as the Chief Minister is out of station," Sharma said.
#omar abdullah #congress #jammu and kashmir
Alleging sabotage by National Conference leader and Finance Minister Adul Rahim Rather in taking steps for regularisation of daily wagers in the state, Sharma said "it was intentional dilly-dallying tactics by the Minister for Finance Abdul Rahim Rather who is head of the Cabinet Sub-Committee on the regularisation of thousands of casual workers engaged from time to time since 1994."
"Justice is being denied to such a large number of casual workers since 2009 when Cabinet Sub-Committee was constituted to look into the grievances of all sections of employees and workers," he said.
In an attempt to play 'Jammu card', he claimed National Conference ministers were blocking the move because there were more daily wagers from Jammu region.
However, the charge was denied by National Conference as a "political stunt" ahead of announcement of elections in the state. "It's a political stunt and this move has more to do with the internal dynamics of Congress party," said National Conference's Jammu province President Davinder Singh Rana.
Indicating that Sharma may be leaving Congress, Rana said "there is a possibility also that he may be nursing some other political ambitions."
Sharma, an MLA from Akhnoor, was recently criticised by his own Congress Minister Taj Mohiuddin who alleged that the flood control minister had stopped dredging work in the Kashmir Valley which aggravated the flood situation. Sharma, however, said he would continue to be in Congress.
"I have only resigned from the government and not from the Congress party. I was a Congress worker and will remain one," he said.
Rather was not available for comment. Meanwhile, state Congress's chief spokesman Farooq Renzu Shah has tendered his resignation to party president Sonia Gandhi, alleging that the "floods were fully mismanaged" by Sharma which led to "deliberate drowning" of Srinagar and South Kashmir.
0

Washington State School Shooting: 2 Dead  4 Hurt; Shooter was Angry about Failed RelationshipWashington State School Shooting: 2 Dead  4 Hurt; Shooter was Angry about Failed Relationship
Ebola.com domain sold for $200 000Ebola.com domain sold for $200 000
PM interacts with media; thanks journalists for support in  Swachh Bharat  missionPM interacts with media; thanks journalists for support in  Swachh Bharat  mission
India s finance minister favors interest rate cut: paperIndia s finance minister favors interest rate cut: paper
Apple s iPhone sales help earnings beat estimatesChristina Farr and Edwin Chan     San Francisco   Last Updated: October 21, 2014  | 12:02 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Technology giant Apple forecast a strong holiday quarter after a better-than-expected 16 per cent jump in iPhone sales, and the strongest growth in Mac computer shipments in years helped the company surpass Wall Street's targets.
The company on Monday projected stronger-than-expected revenue of US $63.5 billion to US $66.5 billion in the December quarter, when new iPads and iPhones vie with rival devices from Microsoft and Amazon.com for consumers' holiday outlays.
However, sales of Apple's iPad, which helped launch the mainstream tablet market in 2010, slid for the third straight quarter. A gradual decline in tablet demand worldwide has worried investors already concerned with the US-based technology major's slowing growth, who are awaiting a new device that can energise its expansion.
Sales of Apple's tablet slid more than 7 per cent from the previous quarter to 12.3 million units, and were down 13 per cent from the same period a year ago.
Some investors hope that Apple's recently forged alliance with International Business Machines (IBM), intended to drive tablet and phone sales to corporate customers, may help reverse a decline in sales of the tablet device.
Chief Financial Officer Luca Maestri said in an interview that the pair of tech giants had already signed on 50 "foundational" or initial clients, and the two intend to introduce their first jointly designed software apps next month.
"The level of interest from the corporate world has been incredible," Maestri said.
WAX AND WANE
Apple's fortunes, however, still largely hinge on the iPhone, which accounts for half of its business, and the company's ability to again re-define markets with new technology gadgets. The Apple Watch, the company's entry in the nascent wearable tech category, will not hit stores till 2015.
Orders for the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus models began in September, helping Apple chalk up a 12.2 per cent jump in revenue in the previous quarter to US $42.12 billion, which beat the average expectation of US $39.9 billion of Wall Street analysts.
The latest models of the iPhone , which come in larger sizes and a heftier price tag, mark Apple's best product launch on record. The launch helped push overall smartphone sales for the company to 39.27 million in the September quarter, beating the roughly 38 million some on Wall Street had anticipated.
Maestri said in an interview that the new iPhones, which went on sale just last week in China, had already surpassed the previous-generation model in terms of volume.
The company also posted the strongest per centage growth in Mac sales, of 21 per cent to 5.5 million units, since the December quarter of 2011.
(Reuters)

HDFC Q2 meets estimates  profit rises 7.2% to Rs 1 357 crOct 22, 2014, 03.47 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
HDFC Q2 meets estimates, profit rises 7.2% to Rs 1,357 cr
Income from operations grew by 11.5 percent to Rs 6,533 crore in the quarter ended September 2014 from Rs 5,859 crore in same quarter last year.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
HDFC Q2 meets estimates, profit rises 7.2% to Rs 1,357 cr
Income from operations grew by 11.5 percent to Rs 6,533 crore in the quarter ended September 2014 from Rs 5,859 crore in same quarter last year.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Housing finance company  HDFC met street expectations with the second quarter net profit rising 7.2 percent year-on-year to Rs 1,357 crore compared to Rs 1,266 crore in the year-ago period, supported by other income but impacted by rise in provisions and deferred tax liability.
Net interest income surged 19 percent (beating street estimates) on yearly basis to Rs 1,955 crore in the quarter gone by.
Profit was expected at Rs 1,368 crore and net interest income at Rs 1,836 crore for the quarter, according to the average of estimates of analysts polled by CNBC-TV18.
Income from operations grew by 11.5 percent to Rs 6,533 crore in the quarter ended September 2014 from Rs 5,859 crore in same quarter last year.
Provisions and contingencies jumped 133 percent year-on-year to Rs 35 crore but sequentially it remained unchanged while other income of the housing finance company rose significantly to Rs 35.2 crore from Rs 8 crore during the same period.
HDFC has reported a deferred tax liability on special reserve at Rs 83.27 crore for the quarter compared to Rs 74.4 crore in corresponding quarter of last fiscal.
Housing Development Finance Corporation said its loan book stood at Rs 2.12 lakh crore as on September 2014, up 15 percent compared to Rs 1.85 lakh crore in the year-ago period.
At 14:11 hours IST, the stock was quoting at Rs 1,023.45, up Rs 2.10, or 0.21 percent on the BSE.
RELATED NEWS

Kotak Mah profit up 26%Oct 22, 2014, 07.34 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Kotak Mahindra Bank Q2 profit jumps 26% on other income
Other income of the bank jumped 57 percent to Rs 466.5 crore from Rs 297 crore during the same period.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Kotak Mahindra Bank Q2 profit jumps 26% on other income
Other income of the bank jumped 57 percent to Rs 466.5 crore from Rs 297 crore during the same period.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Private sector lender Kotak Mahindra Bank 's second quarter standalone profit after tax beat street expectations, rising 26 percent year-on-year to Rs 444.5 crore led by strong other income and lower provisions. Profit in the year-ago period was Rs 352.54 crore.
Standalone (includes only banking operations) net interest income rose by 12.4 percent, in-line, to Rs 1,039 crore in the quarter ended September 2014 compared to Rs 924.11 crore in same quarter last year.
According to the average of estimates of analysts polled by CNBC-TV18, profit was estimated at Rs 406 crore and net interest income at Rs 1,034 crore for the quarter.
Other income of the bank jumped 57 percent to Rs 466.5 crore from Rs 297 crore during the same period. Net interest margin climbed 10 basis points to 5 percent from 4.9 percent on sequential basis.
Asset quality was stable during the quarter with the standalone gross non-performing assets (NPA) at 1.89 percent as against 1.88 percent in previous quarter and 1.97 percent in the year-ago period. Net NPA stood at 1 percent compared to 0.98 percent Q-o-Q and 0.96 percent Y-o-Y.
In absolute term, gross NPA increased 8 percent sequentially (up 16 percent Y-o-Y) to Rs 1,165 crore and net NPA rose by 9.3 percent quarter-on-quarter (up 25.5 percent on yearly basis) to Rs 611.5 crore in the quarter gone by.
Restructured loans as on September 30 stood at Rs 161.5 crore, said the company in its filing.
Provisions and contingencies declined (up nearly 4 times on yearly basis) to Rs 53.6 crore during July-September quarter compared to Rs 72.3 crore in same quarter last year with provision coverage ratio at 55.8 percent as on September 2014.
Kotak Mahindra Bank said advances grew by 20 percent Y-o-Y to Rs 60,948 crore (from Rs 50,609 crore). Without considering commercial vehicle/commercial equipment, the growth in advances was 28 percent Y-o-Y, it added.
Deposits during the quarter rose by 29 percent to Rs 68,103 crore compared to Rs 52,642 cr as on September 30, 2013 with a 39 percent Y-o-Y growth in savings deposits.
Meanwhile, consolidated profit after tax of the bank jumped 23.2 percent on yearly basis to Rs 718 crore and net interest income climbed 11.9 percent to Rs 1,584 crore in the quarter gone by.
Kotak Securities' profit shot up significantly to Rs 66 crore from Rs 40 crore and Kotak Mahindra Investments reported a 127.3 percent growth in profit at Rs 25 crore year-on-year. Kotak Mahindra Old Mutual Life Insurance's profit increased 18 percent to Rs 52 from Rs 44 crore and international subsidiaries' net jumped to Rs 17 crore from Rs 1 crore but its AMC posted a loss of Rs 1 crore compared to profit of Rs 17 crore on yearly basis.
At 13:08 hours IST, the stock was quoting at Rs 1,055.90, up Rs 41.95, or 4.14 percent on the BSE.
RELATED NEWS

Asian Paints Q2 resultOct 22, 2014, 04.59 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Asian Paints Q2 net at Rs 347.30 crore
Overall expenses of Asian Paints in the quarter stood at Rs 3,163.61 crore. In the second quarter of the previous year, the same stood at Rs 2,664.13 crore.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Asian Paints Q2 net at Rs 347.30 crore
Overall expenses of Asian Paints in the quarter stood at Rs 3,163.61 crore. In the second quarter of the previous year, the same stood at Rs 2,664.13 crore.
Post your opinion here
 
Asian Paints  Ltd today reported a consolidated net profit of Rs 347.30 crore on the back of net sales of Rs 3,586.75 crore for the second quarter ended September 30, 2014. In the same period of the previous fiscal, the company had posted a net profit of Rs 326.84 crore and net sales of Rs 3,084.06 crore.
The company said the result of the quarter under review is not comparable with the corresponding quarter of the previous year as it acquired 51 percent stake in kitchen
solutions provider Sleek International Pvt Ltd in August 2013.
Overall expenses in the quarter stood at Rs 3,163.61 crore. In the second quarter of the previous year, the same stood at Rs 2,664.13 crore.
Commenting on the result, Asian Paints managing director and chief executive officer KBS Anand said: "Double digit volume growth was witnessed across regions in the decorative
paint segment... The international business was led by good growth in markets like Bangladesh, Nepal and Oman."
RELATED NEWS

Most TAC members wanted rate cut  Rajan chose status quoOct 22, 2014, 07.47 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Most TAC members wanted rate cut, Rajan chose status quo
The minutes of the Technical Advisory Committee (TAC) on monetary policy held prior to the RBI's fourth Bi-monthly Monetary Policy on September 30 revealed that four out of seven external members favoured reduction in repo rate.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Most TAC members wanted rate cut, Rajan chose status quo
The minutes of the Technical Advisory Committee (TAC) on monetary policy held prior to the RBI's fourth Bi-monthly Monetary Policy on September 30 revealed that four out of seven external members favoured reduction in repo rate.
Post your opinion here
 
Reserve Bank Governor Raghuram Rajan turned down the advise of majority of external members of the monetary policy advisory committee to cut interest rate and decided to maintain the status quo in September 30 policy.
The minutes of the Technical Advisory Committee (TAC) on monetary policy held prior to the RBI's fourth Bi-monthly Monetary Policy on September 30 revealed that four out of seven external members favoured reduction in repo rate.
"Four (external) members recommended that the policy repo rate be reduced. Three of the four members suggested a reduction by 25 basis points," the minutes said.
One member, the minutes said, recommended a sharper reduction of 50 basis points with an emphatic forward guidance that there will be no further follow up of the rate cut.
According to these members, since industrial demand is stagnating, some focus on the more pressing need of weak demand and high levels of unemployment would be consistent with fighting inflation.
"With the decline in headline CPI inflation, the real policy rate has become positive. Positive real rates were required by the RBI to meet its 6 percent target by January 2016.
"If inflation reduces further, the real policy rate will keep on increasing. Therefore, they were of the view that at this juncture, the Reserve Bank can afford a reduction in the repo rate by 25 basis points," it added.
Rajan, however, left all key rates unchanged citing continued risks to inflation and difficult external situation especially on the geopolitical front. The repo rate stands at 8 percent since January.
Three of the seven external members, however had recommended no change in the policy repo rate.
"They voted against a cut in the repo rate in this policy announcement. They were of the view that if the pace of disinflation is faster than what is anticipated now, then there may be a case for a rate cut, particularly if inflation expectations also soften," the minutes on RBI's website said.
The external members on TAC who attended the meeting were Y H Malegam, Shankar Acharya, Arvind Virmani, Indira Rajaraman, Errol D'Souza, Ashima Goyal, and Chetan Ghate. The meeting was chaired by Rajan.
RELATED NEWS

Bangalore: Child sexually abused in schoolComments
Protests erupted in Bengaluru on Wednesday over the alleged rape of a nursery student in a city school.
The incident was a grim reminder of the alleged rape of a six-year-old girl in an upscale school in July and cast a shadow on security arrangements in such institutions in the Karnataka capital.
In August, reports of an eight year-old girl being allegedly sexually assaulted by her 63-year-old teacher inside her school premises had triggered a flutter as well.
Staff members of the school where the latest incident allegedly took place on Tuesday were questioned in connection with the case.
 
According to reports, the three-year-old girl had gone out twice from the classroom; both times escorted. Reports also said there were six male employees present in the school on Tuesday.
A spokesperson of the school said CCTV footage showed that no outsider entered the premises.
"We came to know about the incident around 6pm," she said, adding police had questioned employees including teachers of the institution throughout the night.
When asked if the incident happened inside the school, she said, "An investigation is going on. We cannot comment now."
A case was registered under sections 4 and 6 of the Pocso Act (Protection of Children from Sexual Offences Act, 2012) and section 376 of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) against the unidentified suspect(s).
According to the complaint lodged with the police, the girl was crying when her mother picked her up from school, was not behaving normally and had symptoms of fever.
From what she said later, her family members figured out the girl was assaulted, police said.
MN Reddi, Bangalore police commissioner, said, "The child was taken to a hospital and the doctors confirmed of a slight damage on her private parts."
"I have convinced the parents of prompt and quick investigation. The parents wanted the management speak to them… I have spoken to the management."
The police chief also said, "I won't comment on where the incident occurred. We will let you know when we come to know."
Additional police commissioner Alok Kumar has given strict instructions to the school management to keep parents informed about every move in connection with the incident.
It was learnt that a parents' association had a meeting with the management and they were not happy with the response of the school authorities.
"Constructions activity was going on (on school premises) and labourers had free access to the entire facility," said Pramod Menon, a parent.
"There are 18 CCTV cameras on campus, but when we asked the management whether they checked the footage in real time, they said no. The management also had no explanation for why they were running the school when most of the staff members were on leave for Diwali."

Jaitley hints at UPA minister in black money listOct 22, 2014, 08.41 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Jaitley hints at UPA minister in black money list
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley today may have dropped hints that a minister in the previous UPA government could be one of those who had stashed money abroad.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Jaitley hints at UPA minister in black money list
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley today may have dropped hints that a minister in the previous UPA government could be one of those who had stashed money abroad.
Post your opinion here
 
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley today may have dropped hints that a minister in the previous UPA government could be one of those who had stashed money abroad.
"I know who you are hinting at. But please wait for the appropriate time," he told Times Now when asked if he was not violating the treaty (on confidentiality) if you say that it could be a person in Manmohan Singh's council of ministers. Asked if he was not denying that there could be minister from the UPA government, Jaitley quipped, "I am neither confirming nor denying, I am only smiling."
To a question if there was anyone from the council of ministers of the government headed by Manmohan Singh, he said, "I don't want to give details about that because then again I will end up violating the treaty, I don't want to give those
details."
To another question whether an influential member of the Congress party was among the names with the government, he said, "if we are able to prove charges against any person, politician or otherwise, the names will be told to the court and it will become public. I don't want to get into specific details at the moment because I don't want to be accused of
violating the treaty."
Explaining the process involved in prosecuting the persons named by foreign government of holding black money abroad, he said the accounts will be made public in accordance with the due process of law. "So, all we intend to tell the (Supreme) court is, we will make those names public against whom charges have been filed in the court," he said.
When told that political parties protect political parties in such matters, Jaitley said, "that is absolutely wrong. If my opponent's name is there I will be very enthusiastic in declaring the names.
"I think you wait for the facts. In case charges are proved against some politician, that politician he or she happens to be a member of any political parties, the names would be made public."
When asked about the controversy surrounding Congress president Sonia Gandhi's son-in-law Robert Vadra's land deals in Haryana, he said it was for the new state government to take action in the matter. "Prima facie there is a case for investigation (against Vadra) and because it does not happen you start with almost negligible capital, a few lakhs of rupees and that turns into crores and crores of rupee within a matter of year or two. Now that does not happen in normal transaction," he said.
Also Read: Govt approach on black money not adventurist, says Jaitley
Answering questions on the National Herald case, Jaitley said that Congress party has a lot of answering to do. "If you use exempted money for non-exempted purpose, your exemption will be at stake. Therefore, the Congress party has a lot of answering to do," he said.
RELATED NEWS

Daily Dump: Making wealth with waste!Oct 23, 2014, 02.02 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Daily Dump: Making wealth with waste!
Poonam Bir Kasturi, Founder of Daily Dump, claims that a home typically in Indian city produces organic waste of half to 1.5 kilograms a day which works out to about 30 kilograms of waste a month and if composted, this waste can generate about 12 kilograms of compost every two months. She decided to bet big on it.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Daily Dump: Making wealth with waste!
Poonam Bir Kasturi, Founder of Daily Dump, claims that a home typically in Indian city produces organic waste of half to 1.5 kilograms a day which works out to about 30 kilograms of waste a month and if composted, this waste can generate about 12 kilograms of compost every two months. She decided to bet big on it.
Post your opinion here
Young Turks
Poonam Bir Kasturi, Founder of Daily Dump, claims that a home typically in Indian city produces organic waste of half to 1.5 kilograms a day which works out to about 30 kilograms of waste a month and if composted, this waste can generate about 12 kilograms of compost every two months. She decided to bet big on it.
For more watch the accompanying video.
RELATED NEWS

Maruti s Guj plant: LIC  MFs say awaiting shareholders meetOct 23, 2014, 07.20 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Maruti's Guj plant: LIC, MFs say awaiting shareholders meet
While LIC is the single largest minority investor in the country's largest car maker with 6.8 percent holding, mutual funds hold around 6.53 percent and domestic financial institutions hold 7.95 percent.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Maruti's Guj plant: LIC, MFs say awaiting shareholders meet
While LIC is the single largest minority investor in the country's largest car maker with 6.8 percent holding, mutual funds hold around 6.53 percent and domestic financial institutions hold 7.95 percent.
Post your opinion here
 
Domestic financial institutions led by state-owned LIC and mutual funds , who together hold
around 21.3 percent in  Maruti Suzuki , are likely to firm up their stance after the auto major's shareholders meeting next month about its plans to set up a car plant in Gujarat as a
fully-owned subsidiary of its Japanese parent.
While LIC is the single largest minority investor in the country's largest car maker with 6.8 percent holding, mutual funds hold around 6.53 percent and domestic financial institutions hold 7.95 percent.
Ever since Maruti's Japanese parent announced its plans to set up an assembly line Gujarat as its fully-owned subsidiary eight months ago, the minority investors were up in
arms, as they feared that Suzuki would later make Maruti just a contract manufacturer and not full-fledged car company. 
"We are yet to take a call on the issue," an LIC official said, and pointed out that it's too early and the company is yet to get its shareholders nod. On the other hand, mutual fund houses are divided on the issue. They feel that why should the company not set up its own plant, rather than setting up it through a subsidiary whose future is uncertain.
Maruti Suzuki will meet its shareholders at an extraordinary general body meeting next month to secure their approval for the project. The company needs to secure the
permission of at least 75 percent shareholders for the investment in the plant.
"We haven't formed an opinion on Maruti Suzuki's move to set up its trading unit in Gujarat as of now and we will take a call at the Maruti shareholders meeting early November," a senior official of LIC told PTI requesting anonymity.
When asked if the LIC will go by the recommendation of proxy advisors, the official said, "it's wrong to believe that LIC will go by the advice of proxy advisors. Let me reiterate that we are yet to form an opinion on the issue."
The mutual fund houses are confused about what will be the future of the subsidiary once its 15-year agreement ends with Maruti Suzuki.
"We don't know what will happen to the subsidiary after 15 years when its agreement with Maruti-Suzuki comes to an end," CIO of a MF house said, adding, "we are currently
evaluating the company's plans before we finally come up with our own stand on the matter." 
Maruti Suzuki stock price
On December 05, 2014, Maruti Suzuki India closed at Rs 3397.00, down Rs 9.5, or 0.28 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 3432.00 and the 52-week low was Rs 1541.25.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 102.82 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 33.04. The latest book value of the company is Rs 694.45 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 4.89.
RELATED NEWS

No Plan to Curtail Supply of Subsidised LPG Cylinders: Oil MinisterIndian Realty Market Sees $4.5 Billion Investment During January-September: CBRE
New Delhi: The government has no plans to curtail supply of subsidised cooking gas (LPG) from the current 12 cylinders per household in a year even as it looks to give cash subsidy to consumers across the country by June.
"There is absolutely no proposal to reduce subsidised LPG quota (per household)," Oil Minister Dharmendra Pradhan told PTI in an interview in Delhi.
(Also read: Fuel subsidy to reduce to Rs 75,000 crore this year: Oil Minister )
In August, the Narendra Modi-led government gave consumers the freedom to avail their quota of 12 cylinders of 14.2-kg weight at subsidised rate during anytime of the year against the previous restriction of one per month.
Mr Pradhan said the Cabinet had on Saturday modified the Direct Benefit Transfer (DBT) scheme for LPG to provide for cash subsidy equivalent to the difference between the current rate and the market price in bank accounts of each consumer.
But unlike the scheme launched during the previous UPA government, having an Aadhaar card for getting the cash subsidy is not mandatory, he said.
Currently, the modified DBTL is being launched in 54 districts and from January 1 it will be rolled out in all the remaining districts of the country, he said.
"We hope to extend the coverage to all the districts in three months and enroll majority of the consumers in another three months. So you can say by June, majority of the LPG consumers will be covered," he added.
LPG consumers who have opened accounts under the Jan Dhan Yojana - a financial inclusion scheme launched by Prime Minister Narendra Modi in August - too would benefit from the revised scheme. Over 6 crore such accounts have been opened so far and 4 crore more are being targetted by the year-end to provide for at least one bank account per household.
At present, bank accounts of LPG consumers are being seeded with their cooking gas numbers. Once that is done, cash subsidy will be transfered into the bank accounts so that the consumers can buy the LPG refills at market rates.
Currently, 12 cylinders are available to consumers at a subsidised rate of Rs 414 each in Delhi. Any requirement beyond this will have to be purchased at market price of Rs 880 per 14.2-kg cylinder.
The Oil Minister said the Modi government stands for protecting the interests of poor and at the same time it will ease conditions for doing business in the country.
"Reforms and being pro-poor are not oxymorons. Being pro-poor does not mean that reforms will stop. Both the things can go together," he said.
The previous UPA government had linked DBT for LPG to the Aadhaar platform. But there were some legal issues, including some court orders, that prevented implementation of the scheme.
So, the new government has decided that in addition to the Aadhaar platform, all those who have a bank account will also get the LPG subsidy in their accounts directly.
He said the scheme will be implemented in a mission mode. There will be no consumer who will be denied LPG for want of Aadhaar number.
Mr Pradhan said the government is working on fixing the amount of subsidy to be given under DBTL.
Story first published on: October 24, 2014 16:45 (IST)

Fill up CMD posts at public sector banks  AIBEA writes to PMFill up CMD posts at public sector banks, AIBEA writes to PM
Press Trust of India | Vadodara Oct 24, 2014 05:12 PM IST
Bank employees body AIBEA today asked Prime Minister Narendra Modi to take steps to fill up the vacant posts of CMDs at state-run lenders including UBI, BoB and Canara Bank.
"While the Public Sector Banks have to gear up to achieve the target of reaching every section of the people, we find that many of the banks are head-less," All India Bank Employees Association (AIBEA) general secretary C H Venkatachalam has said in a letter to Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
The letter said the important post of chairman and managing director (CMD) is vacant at United Bank of India (UBI), Canara Bank, Syndicate Bank, Bank of Baroda (BoB), Indian Overseas Bank (IOB) and Oriental Bank of Commerce (OBC).
Syndicate Bank is headless after its CMD S K Jain got arrested in a cash-for-loans scam, while Archana Bhargava opted for retirement as the CMD of United Bank of India.
In the case of IOB, Canara Bank and Oriental Bank of Commerce, the top positions have been vacant following the superannuation of the CMDs, while Bank of Baroda CMD S S Mundra's transfer as the deputy governor at RBI left the position vacant.
Venkatachalam also said that some lenders like Allahabad Bank, Andhra Bank, UCO Bank and Union Bank of India have vacancies of executive directors, who form the second tier of management, and these posts too should be filled up as well.

Military defends its Ebola precautions as stricter than CDCsBy Dan Lamothe October 24 Follow @danlamothe
Air force Tech. Sgt. Saquadrea Crosby gets fitted for an N95 respirator by Airman 1st Class Aaron Gonzalez on Oct. 17 at Ramstein Air Base in Germany. As members of the 86th Airlift Wing continue to support missions for the U.S. military’s involvement in the fight to prevent the spread of the Ebola virus, medical personnel who are expected to interact with troops returning from affected areas in Africa will be fitted for the respirators. (Photo by Staff Sgt. Sara Keller/U.S. Air Force)
Defense officials sought Friday to reassure Congress that the protocols it has put in place to keep the Ebola virus away from U.S. troops who deploy to affected areas are good enough, saying they exceed what disease control experts recommend.
Marine Maj. Gen. James Lariviere, a member of the Pentagon’s Joint Staff, told the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform that the Defense Department protocols for dealing with the disease “exceed” the standard set by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. The current outbreak has killed about 5,000 people, according to the World Health Organization.
No U.S. troops will directly treat Ebola patients, but the Pentagon’s guidelines , released Oct. 10, call for troops who deploy to western Africa to monitor their temperature twice a day. Those who report potential exposure to the virus will be subject to additional evaluations by medical professional designated by the Defense Department.
In the 10 days before leaving Africa, commanders have the authority to keep troops in a controlled environment where they can receive additional monitoring. Once they have left Africa, individuals with no known exposure must continue to monitor their temperature for 21 days. Those who are removed from Africa due to an elevated exposure risk must be quarantined for 21 days for closer monitoring.
Lariviere was asked by Rep. Michael Turner (R.-Ohio) whether it was sufficient for the Pentagon merely to allow, rather than require, 10 days of isolation before forces redeploy home. He cited the new Ebola case in New York City , in which Craig Spencer, a doctor who treated patients in Guinea, did not show symptoms until 11 days after leaving Africa.
“Isn’t your 10 days too short?” Turner asked.
A. U.S. Marine Corps MV-22B Osprey lands near Buchanan, Liberia, on Oct. 18 (Photo by Pfc. Craig Philbrick/U.S. Army Africa)
The general responded that the 10-day period was not to determine whether troops have the virus, but to limit their possibility of exposure to it in the last days before they return home.
“Once they have flown back to their unit in the United States they will begin a 21-day monitoring period where they will be required to come into the unit twice a day for medical checks by U.S. military medical personnel at their unit, where they will have their temperature taken and looked in the eye by a medical professional to see how they are doing, ” Lariviere said. “That will take place for 21 days back in the — back in the rear area to ensure that they do not become infected. They will never be more than 12 hours from possibly spiking a fever.”
The comments came a few days after Gen. Martin Dempsey, chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, released a video with an obvious goal: Speaking directly to his troops to reassure them that those who deploy in support of the U.S. effort to stop the spread of the Ebola virus will be OK.
“While our mission in west Africa will not include direct patient care, the safety and health of the men and women of our joint force and their families remains of the greatest importance to me and the Joint Chiefs,” Dempsey said. “We’re making sure that the men and women who deploy are provided with the right training and the proper protective equipment. We have ensured that the highest medical and safety protocols are in place before, during and after deployment.”
The Pentagon plans to deploy up to 4,000 U.S. troops to western Africa in Operation United Assistance. Defense officials have generally stressed that U.S. troops have little to no chance of being exposed to the virus while deployed, but even Dempsey was  questioned in an interview with CNN last week whether the virus could mutate to become airborne, rather than transmitted through contact with bodily fluids. Health professionals have said that is possible, but unlikely.
Already, about 100 Marines with a crisis-response unit based in Morón Air Base in Spain have arrived in the Liberian capital of Monrovia to assist, as has the general who will oversee the mission in coming months — Maj. Gen. Gary Volesky of the Army’s 101st Airborne Division.
The Army already has hundreds of soldiers on the ground in Liberia, and the Kentucky National Guard’s 123rd Contingency Response Group has taken an active role in setting up a staging base at Léopold Sédar Senghor International Airport in the Senegalese capital of Dakar, U.S. defense officials said . Other troops are building Ebola treatment units, and the Army recently set up “Blue Force Tracker” satellite coverage in the region to monitor its vehicles and provide messaging services.
James Knight and Ondraya Frick from the U.S. Army Medical Research Institute of Infectious Diseases train soldiers from the 101st Airborne Division on Oct. 9 on how to wear protective equipment that stops the spread of germs. REUTERS/Harrison McClary
The military also has increased its stream of flights into western Africa in recent days as part of the mission. Defense officials said that air crews that fly in and out within a few hours are below the CDC’s lowest exposure category, but will be required to monitor their own temperatures twice a day for 21 days when they return to their bases outside the region. U.S. military medical personnel who interact with returnees from Ebola-affected areas will be fitted with respirators to treat them, Air Force officials said . The CDC has recommended them for all health care workers who do so.
On Wednesday, the CDC said it would up its precautions for all travelers returning from affected areas for 21 days — similar to what the Defense Department already required for its troops. Lt. Col. Mark Cheadle, a spokesman for U.S. Africa Command, said the military would continue to use the same procedures for troops who have no known exposure to the virus regardless of which African country they work in.
“Please remember, our troops are not conducting their mission in high-risk areas,” Cheadle said in a statement. “Unit leadership, troop discipline and the reinforcement and checks by the chain of command are our best defense against the risk of this mission.”
Dan Lamothe covers national security for The Washington Post and anchors its military blog, Checkpoint.

Cameron overreacts to a modest EU matterCameron’s overreaction to a modest EU matter
PM’s dispute with Brussels over a £1.7bn surcharge is unwarranted
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/653dbd88-5b76-11e4-a674-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Telcos may raise call costs to offset likely rise in debtTelecom operators may raise tariff as spectrum auction likely to increase debt burden
Muntazir Abbas, ET Bureau Oct 25, 2014, 08.30AM IST
Tags:
Airtel
(Trai suggested a reserve…)
NEW DELHI: Mobile phone service companies in the country have warned that they will be forced to increase telecom tariffs after the upcoming spectrum auctions, which is expected to push up their debt burden to about Rs 3,00,000 crore under the current conditions. The telecom sector is already laden with debt of around Rs 2,50,000 crore.
"This increasing debt load will place increasing margin pressures on operators due to higher interest expenses," said Rajan S Mathews, director general at the Cellular Operators Association of India (COAI), an industry association of GSM mobile service providers in the country. "These additional costs will have to be passed on to consumers through higher tariffs," he told ET.
Or, the government will have to significantly reduce licence fee and spectrum usage charges, Mathews said.
The government is expected to auction limited quantity of spectrum in the bands of 900 MHz and 1800 MHz in February, despite industry regulator, the Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (Trai), recently urging it to postpone the auctions till it can sell enough spectrum across multiple bands so as to avoid a scramble for limited airwaves. "Holding auctions as is will set the industry back by three to four years," Rahul Khullar , chairman of Trai, has said.
Industry insiders and analysts predict fierce bidding in the upcoming auctions because incumbents such as Vodafone India , Idea Cellular and Bharti Airtel are expected to do all they can to protect their airwave holdings in the 900 MHz band which are being put up for auction as their permits in certain circles expire in 2015 and 2016.
Research firm Morgan Stanley projects telcos' total outlay at the auction at Rs 39,900-crore for 900MHz and Rs 8,600 crore for 1800 MHz. It expects top carrier Bharti Airtel to spend Rs 16,200 crore to win back airwaves in six circles while No. 3 operator Idea Cellular may have to cull out Rs 16,500 crore to protect its spectrum in nine circles.
Trai recently suggested a reserve price of Rs 2,138 crore per MHz of 1800 MHz spectrum for 20 circles, around 10% higher than the reserve price fixed for the February 2014 auctions. In the 900 MHz band, reserve prices for the 18 circles add up to Rs 3,004 crore, 1.5 times the price of 1800 MHz.
COAI's Mathews said the government could have helped avoid an unnecessary scramble for spectrum by ensuring a 'greater quantity of spectrum' is available for sale, and that the reserve price should have been lower. "Unfortunately, the reserve price was pegged at last actual-discovered cost," he said.
Telecom department officials, however, said it'll be difficult to auction airwaves in all the frequencies in such a short time. The government has budgeted close to Rs 15,000 crore as proceeds for this fiscal from the sale of both 2G and 3G airwaves.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Divide and win: Owaisi brothers reap the benefitsprint
With attention focused on the BJP’s dramatic electoral gains and the Congress’ increasing political marginalisation, the advent of the Hyderabad-based Owaisi brothers in Maharashtra has gone relatively unnoticed. Their unabashedly shrill and strident party — the All India Majlis-E-Ittehadul Muslimeen (MIM) that they say provides a political platform for Muslims — bagged two seats in an impressive debut performance. In Aurangabad Central its candidate, a journalist-turned-inaugural politician, defeated the Shiv Sena by 20,000 votes. In Byculla, the margin was narrower — less than 2,000 votes — but the win still headline-grabbing. Though only two of the 24 contestants delivered wins, the MIM managed 0.9% of the votes in its first assembly election outside undivided Andhra Pradesh, finishing second in three constituencies and a decent third in six other seats. The divisive rhetoric of the Owaisi siblings saw a renewed call to identity politics, with their speeches playing to a victimhood narrative and a siege mentality.
Ironically some of the language used by the MIM supporters and candidates creating a new state constituency of the Muslim-Right mirrored the swipes at “pseudo-secularism” first fashioned by the Hindu-Right on the opposite side of the trenches. Waris Pathan, the advocate-turned-legislator from Byculla, dismissed what he called the performance of the “so called secular parties”. Muslims want a change, he says, arguing that in the name of secularism parties like the Congress and NCP have only taken Muslims for granted. Asaduddin Owaisi, who had been careful to dump the three-decade-old alliance with the Congress in 2012, has now been embraced as “Musalmanon ka Modi” to describe his electoral chemistry with voters. The comparison is exaggerated — and to the PM’s supporters offensive — but after his successful strike rate in Maharashtra, Owaisi is talking of courting UP’s Muslims and opening an office in Lucknow. Other stops include West Bengal and Bihar. The intention is clear: To create a pan-India Muslim party, a modern day variation of the Muslim League.
The Owaisi brothers may have cause to celebrate, but not India’s Muslims. The rise of a party known for its inflammatory politics only reinforces the worst religious stereotypes. The calculations of the MIM ghettoise Muslims as a political entity. Already, religious friction has drawn an invisible line dividing communities in many of our villages and in cities that claim cosmopolitanism for themselves. A party that seeks votes on the basis of religious identity is nothing short of regressive. During the campaign, the speeches of the Owaisis were replete with rabble-rousing references, including exhorting voters to build 1,000 mosques and name each of them after the Babri Masjid. It is legitimate for any leader to raise the issues that beset the community s/he represents and it is not out of line, for instance, if terror cases against young Muslim men that are proven to be false become part of the political discourse. But what makes the MIM brand of politics different is that it is rooted exclusively in the context of religious identity. It encourages grievances instead of aspiration and divisiveness instead of development. Just last year, Akbaruddin Owaisi was arrested for an anti-Hindu hate speech. This year too there are reports that anti-Hindu slogans were raised at MIM victory rallies.
It is of course true that parties like the Congress and the Samajwadi Party must take primary responsibility for failing to provide Muslim voters with an imaginative or modern leadership that doesn’t box them into a corner. The fact that secularism today is increasingly seen to have become a slogan prostituted by cynical politics has only reinforced the absence of options for India’s minorities. Since becoming PM, Narendra Modi has made two very strong statements to reach out, most recently in New York when he said the patriotism of the Indian Muslim would make it impossible for terror groups like al Qaeda and ISIS to make inroads in India. But the BJP has made no other meaningful effort to build itself as a political option for Muslims. In Maharashtra, where Muslims make up more than 11% of the population, the BJP had only two Muslim candidates in a list of 280; the Shiv Sena had just one. Unthinking comments like the one from BJP MP Sakshi Maharaj, who said all madrasas provide an “education of terrorism” haven’t helped matters. Combine this with the disillusionment that most Muslims feel with the status-quoist alternatives could explain the inroads made by the MIM. Speaking on TV on the night of results, BJP MP Meenakshi Lekhi dismissed any cause for concern, arguing that those who supported the MIM had to reflect on what sort of politics they were endorsing; not the BJP.
But every single party — including the one in the seat of power — needs to reflect on why a party like the MIM is being able to build a base on communal politics at a time when governance issues and the dream of a better life are driving choices elsewhere. Parochialism as an ingredient of effective politics is on the decline; note the decimation of Raj Thackeray’s MNS. Even the Shiv Sena was forced to abandon its quintessential aggression and re-adapt to the changing times by attempting to present a more with-it face in the form of young Aditya Thackeray. If aspirational India is in search of a polity where economic empowerment transcends all other emotive issues, why should Indian Muslims not be part of that process? If Praveen Togadia and Akbaruddin Owaisi reflect two ends of a spectrum, most Indian voters stand firmly in the middle, rejecting both poles of extremism. The MIM’s successful performance is a warning sign that something is amiss.
Barkha Dutt is Group Editor, NDTV.
The views expressed by the author are personal.

Kanpur: 2 dead  4 injured in land dispute11
0
Kanpur: Two persons were on Friday died while four were injured, including one seriously, when two groups opened fire on each other over a land dispute in Nathapurva village, police said.
SSP, Kanpur, K Emanuel said a dispute occurred between groups of village head Ramdas and Pappu Katre this evening following which Ramdas opened fire causing death of Pappu Katri (40) and Dinesh (38) on the spot.
Four people got injured in the firing from both the sides, including one seriously, the SSP said, adding that all injured are admitted to Ursala hospital here.
No arrest has been made in the matter yet and a probe has been initiated, he said.
#uttar pradesh #kanpur #land dispute
The SSP said there was an old dispute between both the groups over the piece of land. Situation is tense but under control in Nathapurva, he said, and added that police force of four police stations has been deployed in the area.
No arrest has been made in the matter yet and a probe has been initiated, he said.
2

Coal India appoints M/s Chaturvedi & Co. as statutory auditorOct 25, 2014, 11.13 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Coal India appoints M/s Chaturvedi & Co. as statutory auditor
Coal India has informed that Office of Comptroller and Auditor General of India has appointed M/s Chaturvedi & Co., Chartered Accountants, 60, Bentinck Street, Kolkata - 700 069 as statutory auditor of the company for the year 2014-15 vice De Chakraborty & Sen, Chartered Accountants, Kolkata.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Coal India appoints M/s Chaturvedi & Co. as statutory auditor
Coal India has informed that Office of Comptroller and Auditor General of India has appointed M/s Chaturvedi & Co., Chartered Accountants, 60, Bentinck Street, Kolkata - 700 069 as statutory auditor of the company for the year 2014-15 vice De Chakraborty & Sen, Chartered Accountants, Kolkata.
Post your opinion here
 
Coal India Ltd has informed BSE that Office of Comptroller and Auditor General of India has appointed M/s Chaturvedi & Co., Chartered Accountants, 60, Bentinck Street, Kolkata - 700 069 as Statutory Auditor of the Company for the year 2014-15 vice De Chakraborty & Sen, Chartered Accountants, Kolkata.Source : BSE

US doctor down with Ebola in stable conditionUS doctor down with Ebola in stable condition
PTI
Tweet
New York, Oct 24:  
An American doctor, who became the first person to be diagnosed with Ebola in New York, is in stable condition even as the mayor appealed to New Yorkers to remain calm reiterating the city’s preparedness to handle the deadly disease that has killed thousands in west Africa.
Craig Spencer, a 33-year-old doctor, remains “hospitalised in isolation” at the Bellevue Hospital here and is in “stable condition,” Commissioner of the NYC Health Department Mary Bassett told presspersons here today.
Mayor Bill de Blasio encouraged New Yorkers to go about their daily routines and said there is no reason to be alarmed with the emergence of the virus in the city.
“There is no reason for New Yorkers or visitors to be alarmed. Ebola is an extremely hard disease to contract. New Yorkers who have not been exposed to an infected person’s bodily fluids are not at risk. There is no reason for New Yorkers to change their daily routine in any way,” he said adding that Spencer is being held in isolation at Bellevue and “poses no threat to others”.
Three persons, including Spencer’s fiancee and two friends, were in contact with him during the days he returned from Guinea and was admitted to the hospital.
City officials said the three have been quarantined but are “well”.
The mayor, urging New Yorkers to get flu shots, said the city has been “training” for two-and-a-half months for a situation like this.
“The capacity of our medical community to address this issue is extraordinary,” he said, adding that the process undertaken to transfer Spencer from his apartment to the hospital “played out exactly as the protocol dictated”.
“We have the finest public health system in the world. We are fully prepared to handle Ebola,” the mayor said adding that Bellevue is “thoroughly prepared”.
The mayor reiterated that casual contact cannot lead to acquiring Ebola but urged New Yorkers to call the emergency system in case they begin displaying Ebola-like symptoms.
Bassett said that Spencer “valiantly” volunteered to work in Guinea and was feeling well and had no fever at the time he left Guinea on October 14.
Spencer arrived in New York on October 17 flying in at the JFK International Airport. He first reported having a fever of 100.3 degrees on Thursday and was immediately taken to the Bellevue hospital.
In the days since he returned to New York, Spencer was mostly confined alone in his apartment but did take the subway train to a bowling alley in Brooklyn. He later took a taxi ride to return home.
Bassett said Spencer’s apartment has been locked and “we don’t see any possibility that he contaminated his apartment“.
City officials are in constant contact with the Center for Disease Control and federal agencies would be monitoring any individual who has returned from west African nations most impacted by Ebola.
(This article was published on October 25, 2014)
Related

Pakistan violates ceasefire again; resorts to heavy firing in Balakot sectorPakistan violates ceasefire again; resorts to heavy firing in Balakot sector
ANI | Balakot Oct 25, 2014 10:30 AM IST
In yet another incident of ceasefire violation, Pakistani troops resorted to heavy firing in Balakot sector of Mendhar area in Jammu and Kashmir's Poonch district last night.
The Indian troops guarding the border retaliated effectively.
The ceasefire violation took place a day after Pakistan's Parliament unanimously passed a resolution against the alleged 'unprovoked and indiscriminate' ceasefire violations by India and asked the government to seek UN intervention to resolve the Kashmir issue.
The resolution, which was moved by Pakistan Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif's Adviser on Foreign Affairs Sartaj Aziz, stated that the National Assembly condemned Indian ceasefire violations at the Line of Control ( LoC ) and the International Border (IB).

Girl dies of Ebola in Mali s first case: Government sourceGirl dies of Ebola in Mali's first case: Government source
AFP/PTI | Bamako Oct 25, 2014 03:20 AM IST
A two-year-old girl has died of Ebola in Mali, in the first case of the disease in the west African nation.
"Unfortunately she died between 4:00 p.m and 5:00 p.m," a source in the prime minister's office told AFP yesterday, adding that the girl's death had been confirmed by the governor of the western region of Kayes.
The girl had recently returned to Mali from neighbouring Guinea, one of the countries most affected by an epidemic that has killed nearly 4,900 people.
She was diagnosed after she arrived at a hospital in the western town of Kayes on Wednesday. Both, the child and those she had come in contact with were put in isolation.
 
Health ministry spokesman Markatche Daou told AFP, yesterday that the girl had travelled to neighbouring Guinea with her grandmother and that the authorities were aware of her itinerary.

IAF asks personel to shun Xiaomi Phones  cites spying concernsBMW's new M4 India review
The renowned M3 badge may be alive and kicking to refer to the ‘M’ version of the latest generation of BMW’s 3-series sedan but for all intents and purposes, it is this car – the new M4 – which is the real successor to the legendary BMW M3 Coupé.
It turns out Kawasaki’s big bike portfolio is steadily evolving at a welcome pace in India, with each successive motorcycle pretty much at the top of its game, even in terms of the crucial affordability factor.
other stories

Gunman  student killed in US school shootingprint
Two students died in a shooting at a high school near Seattle in Washington state Friday morning, including the shooter, who killed himself, said the police.
The shooter, ninth-grader Jaylen Fryberg, opened fire in school’s cafeteria, striking six students, one of whom, a girl, died. The others suffered severe gunshot wounds.
The school, Marysville Pilchuck High School in Marysville, was quickly evacuated as officers, who reached within minutes, conducted door-to-door searches for more shooters.
Police had not identified the shooter till late Friday evening, but local news outlets did based on interviews with witnesses, many of who were his friends and classmates.
A boy attempts to make a call from his seat in a school bus while heading to a reunification center at Shoultes Christian Assembly Church following a school shooting on Friday, at Marysville Pilchuck High School in Marysville, Washington.  (AP Photo)
There have been an estimated 90 school shootings since the horrific massacre of 20 first-graders and six staff members at Sandy Hook Elementary in December 2012.
Gun control remains a contentious issue with the powerful gun lobby forcing President Barack Obama to abandon even a most modest change post Sandy Hook.
Unlike the Sandy Hook shooter Adam Lanza, who was mentally ill, Fryberg was a normal freshman, ninth-grader, according to friends and others in a series of TV interviews.
One of them called him a “popular kid”. A local parent said he was “well liked”. He was elected homecoming prince and played on his grade’s (American) football team.
Fryberg belonged to a family that is prominent in the American Indian Tulalip Tribes — his grandfather is director of fish and wildlife at the tribe, according to Seattle Times.
Marysville-Pilchuck students are bussed from the high school to the nearby Shoultes Christian Assembly Church where they were reunited with their families after a school shooting took place Friday. (AP Photo)
After the morning classes on Friday, Fryberg entered the cafeteria, walked over to a table and opened fire on the students sitting around it — two boys and two girls.
There was no word yet on the motive.
Local news outlets speculated Fryberg was in a dispute with another boy over a girl. The other theory was that he was angry with a girl who refused to go out on a date with him.
There were also no details about the gun, which witnesses described as small and unusual, and how he came to acquire it — being under 15, he couldn’t have bought it.

Real Madrid have Sergio Ramos back for clasico but Gareth Bale sits it outReal Madrid have Sergio Ramos back for clasico but Gareth Bale sits it out
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley favours interest rate cutFinance Minister Arun Jaitley favours interest rate cut
Reuters | New Delhi Oct 25, 2014 12:13 PM IST
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley favours a cut in interest rates to trigger demand in the construction sector, but the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has signalled it will not ease policy until it is confident of lower inflation.
In May, Prime Minister Modi was elected on promises that his government would create jobs and rejuvenate the economy, but experts were disappointed by Jaitley's first budget and a lack of early progress on fixing structural economic problems.
"Currently, interest rates are a disincentive. Now that inflation seems to be stabilising somewhat, the time seems to have come to moderate the interest rates," Jaitley said in an interview with the Times of India.
Last month, the RBI sent a strong signal that it would refrain from cutting interest rates until the central bank was confident that consumer inflation can be cut to a target of 6% by January 2016.
Retail inflation eased for a second straight month in September, but the risks of price shocks from weak monsoon rains and oil are expected to prevent the central bank from cutting interest rates soon.
Consumer prices rose a slower-than-expected 6.46% from a year earlier, the lowest since figures were first published in January 2012.

Modi visits Mumbai today  will he meet UddhavModi visits Mumbai today, will he meet Uddhav?
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  Mumbai, October 25, 2014
First Published: 12:34 IST(25/10/2014) | Last Updated: 12:43 IST(25/10/2014)
Comments
All eyes are on whether Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray will meet Prime Minister Narendra Modi when he visits Mumbai Saturday evening.
Modi will be in the city to inaugurate the Sir H N Reliance Foundation Hospital & Research Centre on an invite by the Reliance Foundation chairperson Nita Ambani and her son Anant Ambani.
As of now there is no confirmation on whether Uddhav will meet the PM in the wake of reports that the Shiv Sena was "very keen" on forming a government with BJP in Maharashtra.
All Shiv Sena MPs will attend the high tea being hosted by Modi in Delhi on Sunday for NDA MPs, but Uddhav was not invited. Sena leaders however played down the development.
"The event that the PM is hosting is only for the MPs of NDA partners. When Uddhavji is not an MP, where is the question of him being invited? This is not even a question worth asking," a senior Sena leader told PTI on condition of anonymity.
He said it is not as if leaders of other NDA constituents have been invited and Uddhav left out.
"It is not as if (Punjab Chief Minister and Shiromani Akali Dal leader) Parkash Singh Badal has been invited and Uddhavji hasn't. Since (Union Food Minister and Lok Janshakti Party leader) Ram Vilas Paswan is a Member of Parliament, he has been invited for the event. Even our MPs have been invited and they will attend the event," he said.
He said Uddhav does not need a dinner invitation to meet Prime Minister Modi.
"If Uddhavji wants to meet PM Modi, he will directly go and meet him alone. Why should he need a dinner invite to meet him?" the Sena leader said.
Meanwhile, Athawale said Uddhav is "very keen" on his party forming a coalition government with BJP and that there is "no doubt now" about the alliance being revived.
Shiv Sena, however, sought to clear the confusion over Uddhav Thackeray's participation, saying since the event was only for the MPs belonging to the Centre's ruling alliance, their leader will not go.
"I will attend it and so will all Sena MPs," Shiv Sena's lone member in the Narendra Modi government Anant Geete told PTI.

PM deadline for biometric attendance kicks inPrime Minister Narendra Modi has forged a reputation as a driven man and time runs out for the country’s bureaucrats to conform to his standards on Saturday as the deadline for new biometric attendance system kicks in.
 
The electronic system will track whether government officials are showing up for work on time.
 
What’s more, not only will Big Brother watch 'babus', as India's officialdom is stereotyped, but the public can also keep track of them through a website — attendance.gov.in — that quietly went live at the end of September.
 
In New Delhi, nearly half of the babus were yet to adopt the new biometric attendance system, leading to the Prime Minister’s Office (PMO) setting October 25 as the deadline for bringing the entire government workforce under the punctuality regime.
 
The corporate sector took to this system long ago, now, government officials, who are saddled with a reputation of taking it easier than the workforce in the private sector, have to fall in line.  
 
The dashboard of the Biometric Attendance System displays a dynamic, real-time chart of how many people are at work. It is also possible to click through and check when an individual checks in and logs out of the system.
A screenshot from the attendance.gov.in website. 
 
"It all started with the prime minister giving the idea," said project coordinator Shefali Sushil Dash of India's National Informatics Centre, the agency for e-government initiatives.
 
The system is based on the Aadhaar (Foundation) biometric identity card system launched by the last government that now covers 680 million people, and refines a pilot project launched by techno-bureaucrat Ram Sewak Sharma when he was posted in Jharkhand.
 
Using their Aadhaar numbers, more than 50,000 government workers at 148 government bodies in Delhi have been enrolled in the system. The plan is to double that figure.
 
Staff can clock in using a fingerprint scan at the entrance of their offices. Top-ranking civil servants can do so, without queuing, with devices attached to their workstations.
 
Dash said there had been "no complaints" from those enrolled in the scheme that it was intrusive. "This system is meant to make people's life easier," she told Reuters.
 
Based on a straw poll of his sources, Suhaib Ilyasi, editor of Bureaucracy Today — a magazine for and about Indian bureaucrats — said the response was positive.
 
"People like it even though they have to be punctual," he said. "Officers are government servants. They should be serving the people. There is no sense of intrusion."
 
Keeping the noses of officials to the grindstone is bullish for India, a country where even the most basic bureaucratic task can prove daunting, according to one investor.
 
"Modi's view is if I get the little things right, if I get the civil servants to work, to clear files, then I'm 80% of the way there," said Avinash Vazirani, manager of Jupiter Asset Management's India fund.
 
"This is Big Brother stuff but very effective. It's not just the central government. The state governments are trying to emulate this."
 
The Prime Minister's Office will also take part in the scheme, said Dash, although it was not clear whether Modi would be enrolled.

J&K minister Sham Lal Sharma resigns ahead of assemblypollsPrint
Written by Arun Sharma | Jammu | Posted: October 25, 2014 12:45 pm
Ahead of the announcement of assembly polls schedule in Jammu and Kashmir by the Election Commission, bickering have erupted in Omar Abdullah led National Conference-Congress coalition government with its Minister for Public Health Engineering, Irrigation and Flood Control, Sham Lal Sharma, quitting office accusing it of dilly-dallying regularization of 62,000 casual workers working in various departments including the Public Health Engineering (PHE) for the last one decade.
To discuss the situation and formulate the party strategy, state Congress president Prof Saifuddin Soz has called a meeting of all the party ministers in the evening. Sharma, who has submitted his resignation from Omar Abdullah cabinet, is a Congress legislator from Akhnoor and he is known as firebrand party leader.
Significantly, the trouble has erupted by Chief Minister Omar Abdullah is away to London. However, it is seen as a Congress move to strengthen its support base by pressurizing state government take an early decision on the matter ahead of the assembly elections as its six-year term is expiring in early January next year. Even behind the recent state government’s decision finalizing economic package for refugees from Pakistan occupied Kashmir, sources said that Sharma supported by some Congress ministers had played a key role as these people were settled in Jammu region where Congress have a main stakes.
Giving details, sources said that a cabinet sub-committee headed by Finance Minister A R Rather was constituted way back in 2009 to settle the issues of government employees who had been agitating for one or the other demand from time to time. However, while the sub-committee settled all the issues concerning employees including Sixth Pay Commission, the matter pertaining to the regularization of these casual workers remained unattended.
These workers have been working on a paltry sum between Rs 900 – 1,500 per month, which is far less than even the minimum wages fixed by state government itself. After state government imposed a blanket ban on appointment of daily wagers in 1994, these people were engaged by different departments under different names like “casual workers’’, “need based’’ etc.
“Of these 62,000 people, an over 23,000 work in PHE Department alone, ’’ Sharma said, adding that 80 per cent of the works of the department were being performed by these workers only. However, in the absence of any specific policy for their regularization, they were being made to work on a paltry sum which was less than even the minimum wages fixed by state government, he regretted.
To settle the issue of these workers, the government revived the cabinet sub-committee this year and the latter at its meeting last week unanimously agreed to the regularization of all the 62,000 workers in a phased manner within a period of 120 months (ten years). All its members including Finance Minister A R Rather signed the proposal and decided to send it to the General Administration Department headed by Chief Minister for final approval. The other ministers in the sub-committee including PHE Minister Sham Lal Sharma, Urban Development and Urban Local Bodies Minister Nawang continued…

PM Modi to inaugurate Sir HN Reliance Foundation HospitalOct 25, 2014, 12.58 PM IST  | Source: IBNLive.com
PM Modi to inaugurate Sir HN Reliance Foundation Hospital
For the first time, the hospital has a collaboration with America's most renowned institutes like Johns Hopkins, MD Anderson Cancer Centre, Massachusetts General Hospital and University of Southern California.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
PM Modi to inaugurate Sir HN Reliance Foundation Hospital
For the first time, the hospital has a collaboration with America's most renowned institutes like Johns Hopkins, MD Anderson Cancer Centre, Massachusetts General Hospital and University of Southern California.
Post your opinion here
 
After undergoing major renovation and expansion by the Reliance Foundation, Mumbai's first general hospital is all set to be inaugurated on Saturday by Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
Built in 1925 , Sir HN Reliance Foundation Hospital is now a swanky 19 floor structure in the heart of South Mumbai. The hospital is furnished with state-of-the-art operation theatres.
For the first time, the hospital has a collaboration with America's most renowned institutes like Johns Hopkins, MD Anderson Cancer Centre, Massachusetts General Hospital and University of Southern California.
The hospital will reserve a fifth of its capacity for the underprivileged and provide 10 per cent beds for free to the needy and another 10 percent at subsidised rates.
Doctors have also been asked to conduct free surgeries and hold free weekly OPDs for the poor as well.
The hospital has applied for a green status, which could make it India's largest green hospital.
RELATED NEWS

Congress MP Shashi Tharoor takes up PM Modi s challenge  cleans beach in ThiruvananthapuramOct 25, 2014 at  02:11pm IST
Congress MP Shashi Tharoor takes up PM Modi's challenge, cleans beach in Thiruvananthapuram
73
0
Thiruvananthapuram: Congress MP Shashi Tharoor took up Prime Minister Narendra Modi's Clean India challenge and was seen cleaning a beach in Thiruvananthapuram.
Tharoor said, "If PMO India is sincere about Swachh Bharat, I have a project to clean up the Parvathy Puthenaar canal in Thiruvananthapuram which will need hundreds of crores."
He added, "I was joined by local residents of Vizhinjam, the Congress councillor and people's representatives, the President and Secretary of the local Jama'th."
#congress #shashi tharoor #clean india campaign #narendra modi
He said that the Central government to put in more efforts. "Swachh Bharat should not be just a photo opportunity. I am going to appeal to the central government to do more to bring about a true change. I am not labelling this effort, I had not even invited the media, if you want to give it a label, you can."
Tharoor was recently removed as Congress spokesperson for praising Narendra Modi.
The Kerala Congress and the leader had been involved in a bitter war of words over the latter's support for the Prime Minister's cleanliness campaign. As the party mulled action against him, Tharoor defended himself saying the party had failed to understand his logic.
Before my actions today are distorted: a clean India requires no label. Why cede Gandhiji's sanitation drive to any party? A national cause.
— Shashi Tharoor (@ShashiTharoor) October 25, 2014
I was joined by local residents of Vizhinjam, the Congress councillor&people's representatives, the President&Secretary of the local Jama'th
— Shashi Tharoor (@ShashiTharoor) October 25, 2014
Will put up pix&videos in due course. But the challenge of waste management goes well beyond photo-ops. Need systems, plants,central funding
— Shashi Tharoor (@ShashiTharoor) October 25, 2014
If @PMOIndia is sincere about #SwachhBharat , I have a project to clean up the Parvathy Puthenaar canal in Tvm which will need 100s of crores
— Shashi Tharoor (@ShashiTharoor) October 25, 2014
92

PM Narendra Modi praises media  says writing about Clean India drive is service to nationOct 25, 2014 at  02:06pm IST
PM Narendra Modi praises media, says writing about Clean India drive is service to nation
29
4
New Delhi: Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Saturday met journalists for the first time after assuming the office at the BJP headquarters in the national capital. Modi praised the media for their coverage and reporting on Swachh Bharat Abhiyaan'.
Modi said, "You have turned your pen into a broom from my 'Swachh Bharat Abhiyaan'.
He added, "I see media playing a major role in changing the country. Many governments are being forced to wake up. Writing about the Clean India drive is a service to the nation."
Modi's speech only focussed on his Clean India campaign and the media's effort to highlight it. "I am happy that the media is highlighting the Clean India Campaign. I thank you for it. This is a big service being done."
The venue was packed with journalists, editors from various newspapers, television channels.
Remembering his association with the media, Modi said, "I also used to put chairs here waiting for you people. I have had a friendly relation with you."
Always kept the media at arms length, Modi used the event to build a relationship with the media. He said, "I am looking the way to see how I can further deepen my old ties with you all ( media). Hopefully, I will find a way to improve my connection with the media."
After his speech, Modi met every journalist personally and even clicked selfies with them.
Union Ministers Rajnath Singh, Sushma Swaraj, Piyush Goel, Dharmendra Pradhan, Prakash Javadekar, BJP President Amit Shah were also present at the venue.
Power Minister Piyush Goel said, "This shows that media is an integral part. The message is that every part of India joins together to celebrate Diwali for the unity and integrity of India."
The interaction comes a day before the Prime Minister's dinner with the NDA allies.
The event was scheduled to take place at PM Modi's residence, 7 Race Course Road.
836

Wall Street week ahead: Energy sector to be crucialWall Street week ahead: Energy sector to be crucial
Omar says central aid for floods not enough for Kashmir; politicos reactOmar says central aid for floods not enough for Kashmir; politicos react
Digvijay Singh pulls up  helmetless  law breaker GadkariDigvijay Singh pulls up  helmetless  law breaker Gadkari
Corporate : Mahindra Finance reports 6% fall in Q2 consolidated net profitCorporate : Mahindra Finance reports 6% fall in Q2 consolidated net profit
Ashok Leyland signs MoU with Bank of Maharashtra for vehicle financingAshok Leyland signs MoU with Bank of Maharashtra for vehicle financing
Washington School Shooting: 2 Dead  4 Hurt; Shooter had Failed RelationshipsWashington School Shooting: 2 Dead  4 Hurt; Shooter had Failed Relationships
EC likely to announce poll dates for J&K  JharkhandEC likely to announce poll dates for J&K, Jharkhand
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Oct 25, 2014 12:35 PM IST
The Election Commission is likely to announce schedule for assembly elections in Jammu and Kashmir and Jharkhand today.
The EC has called a press conference this evening at 4 p.m and Commission sources said the poll schedule for Jammu and Kashmir and Jharkhand would be announced.
While the term of the 87-member Jammu and Kashmir assembly ends on January 19, the term of 81-member Jharkhand assembly expires on January 3.
Keeping in mind the difficult terrain and prevailing security situation in both the states, EC is likely to announce multiple-phase elections.

New Alto K10 with auto gear shift in NovemberNew Alto K10 with auto gear shift to be launched in November
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 22, 2014  | 17:45 IST
With an eye on reviving growth in its bread and butter mini car segment, the country's largest car maker Maruti Suzuki India will launch a new version of its Alto K10 equipped with automated gear shift next month.
Maruti is positioning new car as a mass market product equipped with 'futuristic technology' to cater to "very demanding, value for money conscious customers".
It has been developed at a cost of Rs 200 crore on the existing platform of the model by its engineers along with counterparts at parent Suzuki Motor Corp in Japan.
"The Alto K10 is a very important product for us. Customers in this segment are very demanding. They expect a lot of features and are very value-for-money conscious. It has always been a challenge catering to them. So our effort has been to create the excitement with a futuristic offering," Maruti Suzuki India (MSI) Executive Director (Marketing and Sales) RS Kalsi told PTI.
After the Celerio, the Alto K10 will be the second model to be equipped with auto gear shift (ASG) feature.
"The convenience factor of the ASG with high fuel efficiency levels at affordable cost will definitely be attractive to entry level customers," he said.
Kalsi said while the petrol version delivers a mileage of 24.07 km per litre, the CNG variant will have a fuel economy of 32.26 km per kg.
It will have six different variants and the ASG option will be available only with the top end.
The company will announce the price of the new car at the time of launch in November. The existing Alto K10 is priced between Rs 3.15 lakh and Rs 3.31 lakh (ex-showroom Delhi).
The new Alto K10 is coming at a time when MSI's sales in the mini segment comprising Alto and WagonR witnessed 1.3 per cent decline in the April-September period this fiscal at 2,01,721 units as against 2,04,335 units in the year-ago period.
In September 2014, it stood at 35,547 units as against 41,061 in the same month last year, down 13.4 per cent.
When asked if the decline in mini segment sales has been a concern, Kalsi said: "Any such situation has to be of concern but we have grown at every level in the first half of the year. We will grow more than the industry this year."
He said the dip in the mini segment sales was mainly due to the stoppage of production of the existing Alto K10 in view of its upcoming replacement by the new version.
Launched in 2010, the Alto K10 has clocked cumulative sales of 4.3 lakh units in four years. The Alto brand overall, including the Alto 800, has sold 26 lakh units in 14 years since launch.

Economy to grow fastest in two years  finds pollRahul Karunakar and Ashrith Doddi     Bangalore   Last Updated: October 24, 2014  | 14:08 IST
The economy will likely grow at its fastest pace in two years in the current fiscal year as Prime Minister Narendra Modi implements reforms to attract investment, a Reuters poll of economists showed on Friday.
The after-glow from Modi's election victory earlier in the year helped India's economy clock a robust 5.7 per cent growth rate for the quarter ending in June.
The economy has just lumbered through the longest spell of below-5 per cent growth in a quarter of a century, but forecasts are now predicting that the slump has passed.
Hopes of reforms for economic revival from Modi have attracted foreign capital inflows - before the election in May until now - triggering a massive rally in the stock market, making it one of the best performers in Asia so far this year.
That optimism looks set to continue.
"The outlook is improving and that mostly reflects the fact that the new government has pledged to prioritise economic reforms. First we saw an improvement in sentiment and now it is translating to actual pick-up in activity," said Tuuli McCully, senior economist at Scotiabank.
"Obviously, we really need to see more (reforms). But as of now, I am encouraged by how things are moving."
Over the past month, Modi's government has stepped up economic reforms, opening up the coal industry to private investors and freeing diesel prices to market forces from government subsidies.
The latest Reuters poll of 20 economists taken over the past week shows Asia's third-largest economy will likely grow 5.5 percent this fiscal year and 6.4 per cent the next, slightly better than 5.3 per cent and 6.3 per cent expected in the July poll.
"India is transitioning away from stagflation conditions, and the much-needed combination of higher real rates, a more friendly investment environment and structural reforms appear to be slowly coming together," wrote Manoj Pradhan, an economist at Morgan Stanley.
However, without big-bang reforms to propel the economy back to a near double-digit growth, economists say, a broader and sustained economic revival will likely remain elusive.
Also, the global economy is showing signs of weakening and is expected to weigh on overseas demand for Indian merchandise.
Indeed, the economic outlook for two of India's biggest trading partners - China and the euro zone - has dimmed and is expected to drag on the global economy.
Consumer price inflation - the biggest challenge faced by the Reserve Bank of India - cooled to 6.46 percent last month, the lowest level since this series began in January 2012, from a revised 7.73 per cent in August.
But the poll showed consumer prices will average 7.5 per cent this fiscal year and ease to 7.0 per cent next year.
"Despite lower inflation prints and the fall in commodity prices, the communication from RBI suggests it will keep monetary policy restrictive in the near term to achieve medium-term price stability," wrote Rahul Bajoria, economist at Barclays.
The RBI is expected to keep its key repo rate steady at 8.0 percent well into next year, even as a separate Reuters poll in September showed the Sensex would keep setting record highs through to the end of 2015.
(Additional reporting by Deepti Govind and Sarmista Sen; Polling by Shaloo Shrivastava; Editing by Jacqueline Wong)

Stock flip-flop: Market jolt is a reality check for investors(Sometimes a little fear…)
NEW YORK: Sometimes a little fear is healthy for stock investors.
Nine days ago, after a series of sharp sell-offs, the Standard & Poor's 500 index was down 7.4 per cent from its September record as fears of a global economic slowdown intensified. Stocks have surged back this week, thanks to strong corporate earnings, and on Friday the S&P 500 had its best gain in nearly two years.
How should investors view this intense flip-flop? As an overdue reminder that stocks aren't a one-way ride up.
While last week's slump doesn't technically count as a correction _ defined as a 10-per cent drop from a peak _ that's how many professional investors view it.
``It's important to have these periods of scare and fear,'' says Joe Quinlan, chief market strategist for US Trust. ``It keeps investors honest and it keeps them on their toes.''
In fact, such sell-offs often provide a base for another move higher in stocks, market observers say.
That's because a slump stops people from focusing on the upward momentum of the stock market. If prices rise with few bumps along the way, investors sometimes stop considering the fundamental drivers of the market, such as company earnings and the health of the economy, Quinlan says. Investors are also tempted to ignore a tenet of investing: Diversify. After a big drop, though, they think about putting money into other things besides stocks.
It has been more than three years since the last correction and that was making some investors hesitant to buy stocks. The average amount of time between slumps is 18 months, according to data from S&P Capital IQ. Many investors reasoned that, statistically speaking, at least, the market was due for a sell-off.
John Manley, chief equity strategist at Wells Fargo Funds Management says that the recent plunge wasn't typical of a sell-off that precedes a deeper drop in stock prices.
Instead, the slump was typical of a sell-off that happens in a rising market, known as a bull market, he says.
By contrast, declines of 20 per cent or more, known as bear markets, tend to start with gradual sell-offs, rather than sudden swoons, Manley says.
``The thing about bull market corrections is that they come out of nowhere, and they are very violent and they are very nasty, and they are very short,'' Manley says.
For a deeper sell-off to happen, investors need to become complacent, or wildly enthusiastic, he says. So far, he sees little evidence of that on Wall Street. Manley expects the stock market to continue to stabilize as the US economy strengthens and company earnings improve.
Some believe that the slump changed the psychology of the market. The Chicago Board Options Exchange's volatility index, known as the VIX, or fear index, rose as high as 31 during the day on Oct. 15, but has since fallen back to 16.11. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note fell as low as 1.91 per cent last week as investors snapped up safer government bonds. It now trades at 2.27 per cent.
But Brad McMillan, chief investment officer at Commonwealth financial network, an independent broker dealer, sees more caution in the market.
The sharp sell-off has made investors focus on risks, such as a slowdown in growth in Europe and China.
  ``There are cracks in the ice at this point,'' said McMillan. ``People are really starting to process the fact that `we're pretty far up there,''' in terms of stock prices.
After a surge of nearly 30 per cent last year, the S&P 500 is trading at 24.8 times its 10-year average earnings, as calculated by Nobel Prize winning economist Robert Shiller of Yale. That is much more expensive than the long-term average of 16.5. Schiller's measure smooths out distortions caused by the business cycle.
It was also no coincidence that the slump in stocks came shortly before the Federal Reserve was due to end its economic stimulus, says Robert Pavlik, chief market strategist at Banyan Partners. The Fed is expected to end its bond-buying program this month, and to start raising interest rates by the middle of next year, its first hikes since 2006.
Pavlik points out that the market's sell-off only started to abate when St. Louis Fed President James Bullard said that the central bank should consider putting off ending its purchases. Stocks also rallied this week on reports that the European Central Bank was considering buying corporate bonds, a move that could lower borrowing costs and revive the region's economy.
``Any time there's a change in monetary policy you're going to see the market become affected, and you're going to see volatility increase,'' Pavlik says.
Despite the gyrations, the S&P 500 index is trading at 1,964, slightly higher than where analysts expected it to end the year. The average forecast of five banks polled at the end of 2013 was for the index to end this year at 1,915.
History suggests that the last quarter of the year will end up being a good one for stocks. The S&P 500 has gained an average of 4.8 per cent during the period over the last 15 years.
Another factor that could support stocks? Global investors are likely to start shifting more money to the US because growth elsewhere remains muted. That could push up demand for US assets.
``I do believe that the US economy is a shiny city on top of the economic hill right now,'' says Kevin Mahn, President and Chief Investment Officer of Hennion & Walsh Asset Management. ``That's where investors are finding some comfort.''
FEATURED ARTICLES

Indian origin Sundar Pichai made in charge of Google s major productsSundar Pichai put in charge of major products and services at Google
New York Times Oct 27, 2014, 04.31AM IST
Tags:
(The move puts Pichai, 42,…)
By CONOR DOUGHERTY
Google can be a hard company to keep track of. Just ask Larry Page , its chief executive. On Friday, Mr Page promoted an executive, Sundar Pichai , to oversee every major Google product except YouTube.
The move arguably makes Mr Pichai the second-most powerful person at the company, and is intended to give Mr Page more time to focus on more futuristic projects, according to a person with knowledge of the situation. In a memo on Friday, Mr. Page said that Mr Pichai's empire - which already includes the Android and Chrome products, along with Google Apps like Google Docs and Gmail - will now include Research, Search, Maps, the social media network Google Plus, along with Commerce. He will also oversee technical infrastructure, which is essentially the ever-growing racks of servers and switches that keep all those products working.
The decision was first reported by Recode. The move adds an extra layer of management and gives Google a more traditional corporate structure, according to a person with knowledge of the announcement. In some ways, the position is analogous to a chief operating officer, except that Mr Pichai doesn't oversee typical operations initiatives like sales, finance or the company's legal department. Before the announcement, several different product chiefs reported to Mr Page directly - an unorthodox number of people for the leader of a company that has more than $60 billion in revenue.
Mr Page wants Google to make decisions faster, while freeing himself of iterative decisions - like a new Gmail feature - so he can spend more time on its growing list of big bets. Since reassuming the role of chief executive in 2011, Mr. Page has tried vari ous ways to decentralize decision-making and make the company feel smaller. There is the Google X research lab, where the company is developing products like self-driving cars.
Other times Google has simply put money into newer, smaller companies like Calico, a pharmaceutical company. This week, Google led a $542 million investment in Magic Leap, a secretive augmented reality company that has no products and no revenue but, according to some, could be the basis for a new kind of operating system. Maybe it will, maybe it won't. But the next big thing will come eventually. As Mr. Page's memo makes clear, he wants some time to figure it out.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Fed s $4 tn holdings to boost growth beyond ...US Federal Reserve's $4 trillion holdings to boost growth beyond end of QE
Bloomberg Oct 25, 2014, 11.09AM IST
Tags:
Barclays Plc
(Holding bonds on the Fed's…)
As the Federal Reserve prepares to end its third round of bond buying next week, the central bank plans to hang on to the record $4.48 trillion balance sheet it has accumulated since announcing the first round of purchases in November 2008.
That will continue to keep a lid on borrowing costs, helping the Fed lift inflation closer to its target and providing support to a five-year expansion facing headwinds abroad, from war in the Mideast to slowing growth in Europe and China.
Holding bonds on the Fed's balance sheet limits the supply of securities trading on the public markets, which helps keep prices up and yields lower than they otherwise would be. That provides stimulus to the economy just as a cut in the Fed's benchmark interest rate would, according to Michael Gapen, a senior US economist for Barclays Plc in New York and former Fed Board section chief in charge of monetary and financial markets analysis.
"Preserving it will continue to support the economy," Gapen said. "The Fed message is we think we've done enough to generate momentum and keep the economy on the right track. Now we're going to wait and see how things go."
The Federal Open Market Committee plans to end its purchases of Treasuries and mortgage bonds at the next meeting Oct. 28-29, according to minutes of the last gathering.
MAINTAINING HOLDINGS
Chair Janet Yellen opened the door to keeping a multitrillion-dollar portfolio for years, saying a decision on when to stop reinvesting maturing bonds depends on financial conditions and the economic outlook. Shrinking the balance sheet to normal historical levels "could take to the end of the decade," Yellen said at her press conference last month.
Fed quantitative easing has provided the Treasury market with a steady and consistent buyer, helping to keep yields lower than they otherwise would be. The central bank is now the largest holder of US government securities.
If the Fed continues to hold the securities, it "will continue to put some downward pressure on rates relative to what they would have been had the Fed not had this balance sheet," said Josh Feinman, the New York-based global chief economist for Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management, which oversees $1.31 trillion, and a former Fed senior economist. "That's a factor that I think will linger."
LOWER YIELDS
The 10-year Treasury yielded 2.26 per cent at 9:30 a.m. in New York, down from 3.03 per cent at the end of last year. It fell to a record low 1.39 per cent in mid-2012. Yields averaged 2.65 per cent since the first QE began in November 2008, compared with 6.95 per cent before that in data since 1962. The average rate on a 30-year fixed mortgage was 3.92 per cent this week, still near a record low 3.31 per cent in November 2012, Freddie Mac data show.
The FOMC said in a supplementary statement at the last meeting that it expects to stop reinvestments of maturing securities once it starts raising the benchmark interest rate, a step that policy makers project they will take next year.
Richmond Fed President Jeffrey Lacker, who votes on policy next year, later said he opposes continuing to hold mortgage bonds. "This approach unnecessarily prolongs our interference in the allocation of credit," Lacker said in a Sept. 19 statement.
The Fed's balance sheet includes bonds bought in all three rounds of QE. The first two totaled $2.3 trillion through June 2011.The third round, announced in September 2012, differed from its predecessors in that it was open-ended, with no limit on the amount of purchases and no target date for halting them. The FOMC said it would buy $85 billion of bonds a month until the labor market improved "substantially."
 
FALLING UNEMPLOYMENT
The jobless rate when QE3 started under Chairman Ben S. Bernanke stood at 8.1 per cent, and policy makers forecast it would fall to 6 per cent to 6.8 per cent by late 2015. It's now 5.9 per cent, near what most officials project is full employment, and monthly payroll growth has averaged 209,000 for the past two years, up from a 172,000 monthly average during the prior two-year period.
"The objective was to produce a substantial improvement in the labor market, and that's occurred," said Keith Hembre, a former researcher at the Minneapolis Fed who helps oversee $120 billion as chief economist at Nuveen Asset Management LLC in Minneapolis. "You've got a labor market that's much improved and closer to full employment. It's hard to prove what would have happened in the absence of the program."
TAPERING
The FOMC began tapering purchases in December 2013, when it slowed monthly buying by $10 billion. It made six more cuts of the same size at each of the following meetings, saying with each that it would respond to incoming data. The current pace is $10 billion in Treasuries and $5 billion in mortgage bonds.

Big businessmen turn mentors for start-upsBig businessmen turn mentors for startups like Demand Farm, OlaCabs and others
Harsimran Julka, Madhav Chanchani & Aditi Shrivastava, ET Bureau Oct 25, 2014, 11.15AM IST
Tags:
Demand Farm
(The success of companies…)
When Bangalore-based Milind Katti approached Mu Sigma CEO Dhiraj Rajaram to sell B2B lead generation services, their conversation turned to Katti's another startup that makes software to manage key B2B accounts. Enthused, Rajaram soon led a $750,000 angel funding into Demand Farm .
The investment not only extended Demand Farm's survivability, but also saw Rajaram give regular feedback and Mu Sigma become its beta user.
Scores of Indian entrepreneurs, who have tasted hard-earned success, have started giving it back to the ecosystem by not only investing their time and money on young startups, but also becoming their early beta users, educating them on the pitfalls and making connections with other investors.
"This was a trend which was happening in Silicon Valley but has only started in India recently," said Mukul Singhal of SAIF Partners ."These entrepreneurs also have an operating experience, which is recent and more relevant compared with someone who built a company 30 years ago," Singhal added.
However, it is not just validation of an idea but the execution learning too that digital age entrepreneurs look for when they scout for money or advice from their seniors. "The capital was helpful, but for me validation of product from Dhiraj and Mu Sigma was much more important," said Katti, who successfully launched the product a few months ago.
The success of companies in newage sectors such as e-commerce, cloud, analytics and mobile applications, has made the young startups rely on those who have seen early success. Taxi aggregator Olacabs, founded by IIT Bombay alumni Bhavish Aggarwal and Ankit Bhati chose to raise a Rs 2-crore angel round in 2011 with participation from Snapdeal's Kunal Bahl and Rohit Bansal.
"In the early stages, one entrepreneur betting on another is a great validation of the idea," said Aggarwal, CEO of Olacabs. Snapdeal's co-founders held about 0.21 per cent each as of August 15, this year in OlaCabs. Anupam Mittal, founder of matchmaking portal Shaadi.com, also held 1.5 per cent in OlaCabs, as per latest data. "They have lived the entrepreneurial life and hence bring valuable and real on-ground experience, which for first-time entrepreneurs is invaluable."
The results show. Olacabs recently closed a Rs 250-crore Series C investment from Steadview Capital and Sequoia Capital, valuing it at nearly Rs 1,100 crore.
Till five years ago, the mentoring and investment would be limited to global groupings such as those within the IIT network, where Silicon Valley-based seniors would invest in ventures of juniors or mentor them online or at coffee shops when visiting India. With the growth of India's accelerator ecosystem and platforms that help entrepreneurs meet, the trend has seen a hockey stick curve.
Mobile ad network firm In Mobi's cofounder and CTO Mohit Saxena met App Virality CEO Laxman Papineni at a Microsoft accelerator event in Bangalore recently. "They needed help with hiring the right people and guidance on how to launch a global product," said Saxena, who then became a mentor to the startup. According to data from VCCEdge, angel and seed stage deals have been steadily rising--from 227 in 2012 to 240 in 2013. There were 135 seed and angel investments till August 2014, most of which were led by current and former entrepreneurs.
Eka Software CEO and cofounder Manav Garg has also backed startups such as StayZilla, social media newspaper Frrole and enterprise software maker OrangeScape, all in their early phases. To discover more startups from other parts of the country, he has invested in LetsVenture, a linkedin for startups and investors along with InMobi's other cofounder, Naveen Tewari.
"Our collective vision is to take the number of seed stage and Series A (first round of venture capital) deals in India from about 200 to over 1,000 in a couple of years," said Garg, 38.
The growth in social media tools such as WhatsApp in the last few years has also encouraged entrepreneurs to give their valuable time, if not physically, then virtually.
"The Bansals of Flipkart are very approachable on Whatsapp and keep the door open for constant communication," said Deepit Purkayastha, cofounder of News in Shorts, a mobile app that gives out top news stories in 60-word portions. The 23-year old raised seed investments from Flipkart cofounders last month.
"For example, they helped us choose the right marketing channels," Purkayastha said. It also shortens their time to market. "Instead of blindly exploring, it makes us more focused and effective." Myntra CEO Mukesh Bansal has backed grocery delivery chain Zopnow and co-invests in startups referred by Kae Capital.
It's not only entrepreneurs with billion dollar valuation startups who have turned angels. Freshdesk's co-founder Girish Mathrubootham and Toppr's Zishaan Hayath have also been backing startups.

Meet the developer having an App blast near ...Shunmugharajan has chosen a unusual location for her firm, in the hinterlands close to Sivakasi in Tamil Nadu's Virudunagar district.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
BANGALORE: The upcoming mobile applications company Bubble Thoughts promises to add another feather in the cap of Sasi Dharani Shunmugharajan . The 26-year-old coding enthusiast, who is just one among the many women who are quietly demolishing the gender barrier in this male-dominated field, already has 13 mobile apps to her credit and nets Rs 60,000 in ad revenue every month.
She has chosen a rather unusual location for her firm, in the hinterlands close to India's fireworks hub of Sivakasi in Tamil Nadu's Virudunagar district.
Shunmugharajan, who has developed all her apps under the nickname Sindu Rajan, is vying for a place in the burgeoning app industry which is expected to rise 62% to $25 billion (Rs 1.53 lakh crore) this year, according to Gartner Inc.
Her flagship GRE training app has been consistently ranked among the top 50 apps in the Android play store in India for the past two years.
"My family didn't understand what I was up to when I started coding. Now they understand the concept," said Dharani, a working mother of a two-year-old child, whose chief designer happens to be her sister-in-law Yalini Kumara guru. Contrary to popular belief, women set the foundation in the field of computer programming.Britain's Countess Ada Lovelace, who worked with mathematician Charles Babbage, is considered to be the world's first programmer.Grace Hopper, called Grandma COBOL (Common Business-Oriented Language) by some, helped invent some of the early programming languages in English.
Dharani's story is similar to that of many other girls from India's smaller towns. She rejected a job soon after she earned her engineering degree from PSG College of Technology, Coimbatore, and got married at the age of 22. "I was frustrated. Most of my friends were working in large companies.And I was scared if I would lose out on exposure, since I was settled in a small town," said Dharani, whose initial doubts now seem unfounded to her.
She took four months to understand the basics of app development and put out her first app Pocket Aptitude in December 2012, soon after delivering her baby. Her apps for competitive exams such as SAT, GRE and GMAT have been down loaded about 4 lakh times. Besides coding the app, she also comes up with the aptitude questions in most cases.
According to the US-based not for-profit National Public Radio , the number of women learning computer science drastically plunged in 1984 in that country.
The reason, NPR says, was selec tive access to personal computers in the 1980s, the decade when Apple and IBM debuted with their per sonal computing products.
Home PCs sprung up in places that boys loved to hang out in. So companies targeted their products to boys by default. In a home set ting, it was the brother who got the PC, never his sister. The computers became a boy toy. The action sim ply fed on itself, and rippled across to the rest of the world.
"In India, the problem continues in a different fashion," said Kriti ka M, accounts director at Anita Borg Institute, a non-profit organi sation founded by computer scien tist Anita Borg that works to recruit, retain and advance women in technology.
"Even though engineering colleg es in India have 50% girls, few in that crowd go into this profes sion, especially those from tier-II and tier-III cities," she said.
However, she added that India's fledgling start-up ecosystem has come to grips with this issue much faster than the decade-old Silicon Valley did. ven large companies to day appreciate the need for women coders in the world. Google , which employs just 30% women, started offering in June free vouchers to women and minorities interested in learning how to code. The vouch ers quickly sold out due to high de mand.
Microsoft has a Codess pro gramme in place, a community to encourage women coders and in crease gender diversity in the workplace.
Such efforts appear to be making some difference. Nasscom's "Girls in Technology" programme, which included sessions directed at women on topics such as An droid, Bizathon and mobile apps pitching, has ensured that 30% of the applicants for its 10,000 Start ups batch are women.
Going forward, Dharani wants to focus on enabling schools with technology. "I love to code. There's logical reasoning, and designing.
How can anybody not?" she said.

Congress frowns at write-up on Jawaharlal Nehru in RSSjournalThe Editor of the weekly, however, stood by the article and stoutly refuted Congress' allegations. (Source: Kesari journal/screen grab)
By: Press Trust of India | Posted: October 25, 2014 1:30 pm | Updated: October 25, 2014 1:44 pm
Congress in Kerala has expressed strong resentment against an article carried by RSS journal ‘Kesari’ allegedly running down India’s first Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru.
On getting a complaint seeking action from KPCC General Secretary Sooranad Rajasekharan, state Home Minister Ramesh Chennithala has asked DGP K S Balasubraniam to examine the issue and take action, if necessary.
The Editor of the weekly, however, stood by the article and stoutly refuted Congress’ allegations.
The article by BJP state committee member B Gopalakrishnan said, “actually Nehru was responsible for the partition of the country and other tragedies including Gandhi’s assassination.”
The write-up also said Nehru was a “selfish” leader who concealed important facts from Gandhi on the partition and eventually kept him away from the final round of discussions.
Taking strong exception to the article, KPCC president V M Sudheeran said this was yet another attempt of the Sangh Parivar to distort history and denigrate Nehru.
Reacting to the charges, Editor of Kesari N R Madhu said this was a sheer distortion of facts by the Congress leaders with political motives.
“This is not for the first time we are criticising Nehru’s policies and approaches to vital issues including the partition. But nowhere the article has even remotely suggested that Nehru should have been physically targeted,” Madhu told PTI.
He said this was a ploy by the Congress leaders to show that they were more vehement in opposing the RSS and the BJP than the CPI-M.
“The CPI-M has been accusing the Congress of being soft towards the RSS after the Oommen Chandy government decided to go in for a CBI inquiry into the murder of the Sangh activist Elamthottathil Manoj at Kathirur in Kannur district. Now, the Congress wants to blunt this criticism by seizing and distorting facts,” Madhu claimed.

TCS Q2 PAT up 13.6% at Rs 5 244.3 crSave this video
Copy URL
The IT major said that sales for the second quarter of the current financial year stood at Rs 23,816 crore versus Rs 22,111 crore QoQ. The TCS board also approved merger of company with CMC.
55

Buy on dips  but manage your risks well: Sukhani08:00 am
The Nifty has been outperforming most of the world markets, which points towards its stability, says Sudarshan Sukhani of s2analytics. Though he feels it could be difficult for markets to move up due to lack of favourable factors, a good amount of buying interest at the lower level has been keeping it moving.
“We have already entered into a six-week correction, so it is not that markets are falling from a high pedestal. Moreover, there is strong support at 7800-7850 zone. So far this support holds, I would say we should either avoid the market or go long on the Nifty or the Bank Nifty (it’s not a day trade but positional trade),” he says.
According to Sukhani, it is still a buy on dips market, but he feels one should manage the risks well.
Below is the transcript of Sudarshan Sukhani's interview with Latha Venkatesh & Sonia Shenoy on CNBC-TV18.
Latha: Is the market going to be deeper red?
A: I hope not which is why I said this is the worst we can do. The Nifty is now outperforming most world markets, so relative strength is much better that is something all of us can see – that should tell us that perhaps the market will remain still stable, they may not go up, it is difficult to predict how they can go up and everything else is in some kind of difficulty but I think there is a lot of buying and interest at lower levels. The second point is that we have entered already into a six week correction. It is not as if the markets are falling from a high pedestal. There is strong support at 7,800-7,850 zones. So, far this support holds. I would say we should either avoid the market or on Tuesday afternoon at 3 pm we said go long in the Bank Nifty and Nifty and that advice still remains. It is not a day trade; it is a positional trade but goes long in these two instruments and exit if the Nifty closes below 7,850 then we will see again.
Latha: Will you be a buyer on dips at any point on the Nifty or is it a completely avoid?
A: It is a buy on dips. During the day if there is a dip we buy and we buy the Bank Nifty also and if there is a sharp early morning dip then why not. My point is that we also have to manage our risks. Suppose this dip continues during the day throughout then at some point when the market is closing, if they are closing significantly or even below 7,850 then we have to get out, not because I wouldn’t like to go long but because I have to manage my risk first and foremost.
Sonia: You have a buy on Kotak Mahindra Bank  and Union Bank of India ?
A: All the public sector undertaking (PSU) banks are suggesting that an opportunity is now arising. We also sometimes try to catch the lows, which is an ideal trade to take. In that process one or two maybe three trades can go wrong but eventually that low comes in place and we get a big move. This is that process that is continuing. Kotak Mahindra is rallying after a trading range breakout and Union Bank is part of the PSU bank group which is building a base and coming out from the lows both for their own reasons are opportunities. I do not see this as a day trade because volatile market will chop you out if you try to take a day trade. Today’s trading is something that you want to say I am committing myself till the next week, 
Latha: What about the non banking financial companies (NBFCs) stocks. We saw that fairly decent rally in Rural Electrification Corporation  (REC), Power Finance Corporation  (PFC) and such like LIC Housing Finance . There will be people holding open long positions, what should they do?
A: They should hold on to it. REC and PFC, it so happened in our list in the morning and afternoon on Tuesday and that continues. It is coming together with PSU banks with the private banks that whole financial group is likely to perform much better than we imagine. Our problem is that day to day volatility. If traders can understand the volatility, ride it then they are going to make money.
Latha: You have a buy on Coal India . Is that for the day or is that positional?
A: It is a swing trade. You start buying Coal India and it is making small bases fairly small but it has already gone through a deep correction and if this is working out you can always carry this position forward. If it is not, we are also giving a stop loss, get stopped out but it could turn into a longer term trade. 
Sonia: You have a sell on India Cements  today. You were fairly bullish on the cement space a while back; do you think the run is done over there?
A: All the other cement stocks are giving buying opportunities but this one is topping out. I do not know what is going on here but it is a short sell which is relatively easy. It should be taken only if you already have long positions. So it acts as a hedge also. It is a very weak chart. 
Latha: Of all the drug stocks you prefer Divi’s Laboratories ?
A: All of them are doing the same thing; big rallies, some corrections, sideways movements and imminent breakout. Divi’s was a breakout candidate for the day. I think pharmaceutical is not coming down in a hurry. The small corrections, we have seen are likely to end soon. It is a preferred choice for today. 
Latha: Tata Global Beverage  is a sell?
A: Tata Global Beverage is doing nothing. It is absolutely going nowhere. It’s relatively safe short sell if you have to just offset your long positions.
Latha: The bulls would have been safer if there had been a gap down opening and support came in at lower levels. Now with the market actually starting of on a high note it is starting flat. Is there a vulnerability that may show itself up later on or are you a buyer on the Nifty?
A: Vulnerable means there can be an intraday dip or decline. But we have to see this open whether it is 40 points lower or the current flat open in context of world markets and we are outperforming that is something we talked about. So it is very difficult to identify exactly what pattern will make the bulls happy. Bulls w ill be happy if prices just stay were they are which is what is happening.
I would be a buyer that is the essence of what I am saying. I would be buyer in the Nifty and Bank Nifty both are flat and worth buying into our stop is very tight it is on a closing basis not intraday. We don’t want to get stopped out on an intraday volatile down move. If the Nifty stays above 7,850 we will continue with our long positions.
Sonia: In fact a buy on the Bank Nifty would be a very intelligent strategy today because lot of a banking stocks actually holding out. If you look at ICICI Bank  it is higher, Axis Bank  is higher a couple of others as well. What would you pick out from this lot apart from the ones that you mentioned earlier in the day? 
A: Bank Nifty is the easiest to pick out that covers every thing. If I have to choose than I would take ICICI Bank. That’s a stock that was in a trading range it is coming out of that range so but it is really not necessary to make a choice. Bank Nifty by itself would do wonders.
Latha: I wanted to actually ask you about the defensives. While the market has put a bottom and is standing fairly stable the contributors are entirely, what in fundamental terms we call the defensives. Let me take all those sectors one by one. First the fast-moving consumer goods (FMCG), ITC  has withstood some fairly negative news coming from the government in terms of policy. Is there a trade?
A: No there is no trade. FMCG is lagging behind it will do so for the next few days because the trade is now going to be a risk on trade. Why should we buy anything now if we think that the risk justifies the returns? That will come to financials it is already there in IT and pharma.
Latha: I was going to ask you about IT. There was a fairly strong start from Tata Consultancy Services ( TCS ). What would your buys if any be in the IT and will they top your buy list?
A: TCS was giving for buying two days ago we didn’t repeat it. TCS is a buy in front of news we should be doing that.
Sonia: How do you trade a stock like DLF  now or do you just avoid it?
A: So much easier to avoid it. Fortunately as a trader I don’t have to trade 1,500 stock. You don’t touch it, you don’t buy it. I was hearing that the stock was up and it was in context but I wouldn’t buy it don’t touch it.
Latha: Let me come to the metal stocks. Lets discuss Tata Steel  first.
A: I am not upbeat on Tata Steel in spite of the news in spite of everything else. I would avoid metal stocks. Foucs on IT pharma and the financials which should be leading our choices and let the rest be.
Latha: Within the non bank finance space like LIC housing, Power Finance Corporation (PFC), Rural Electrification Corporation (REC), Mahindra & Mahindra Financial Services Limited ( MMFSl ) and SKS Microfinance  and Larsen &Toubro  (L&T) finance holding of all this what are your favorites.
A: It will be REC and PFC and it is really unfair to ask the favorite because all of them are my favorites but if we had to choose it will be these two stocks.
Sonia: One slightly longer-term question. I heard you mention 7,800 has a firm support for the market. Do you think that’s a support that will hold till the end of these series or could that be threatened as well.
A: No. I don’t know I wish I did, I would have taken a much larger position on the long side if I knew that. We are just saying if that support breaks we get out of all long positions short-term trading positions we won’t wait.
Latha: But would your longer term view on the Nifty be at all if I would have to ask you for a 3 month view or something slightly longer than just the contract.
A: That’s sensible; I would think that we are entering in to a seasonally upbeat period and before budget Nifty should be higher than where it is now and higher than 8,200.
RELATED NEWS

Sheryl Crow Finds Buyer for Hollywood Hills Estatesheryl crow finds buyer for hollywood hills estate
 Asia Economic Growth to Languish as China Slows: PollIron Ore Imports Surge as Prices Fall
Bangalore:
Emerging Asia will contribute less to the global economy in 2015 than was expected just months ago as a slowdown in China drags on growth in the region, partially offset by acceleration in the United States, Reuters polls showed.
Until recently the primary engine of global growth, most Asian economies have slowed, hamstrung by erratic exports, sluggish domestic demand, capital outflows and political and policy uncertainty.
At the same time, many of Asia's major trading partners in the West are grappling with disinflation and weak demand, making it difficult for central banks there to move away from aggressive monetary stimulus.
Estimates for 2015 GDP growth were either cut or left unchanged for nine Asian countries in the latest poll of over 200 economists conducted over the past week, with Hong Kong, Indonesia and Singapore bearing the brunt of the downgrades.
India, Malaysia and Thailand were the few economies for which economists made slight upgrades to growth projections.
These latest lacklustre forecasts follow a similarly tepid performance this year, during which China's economy slumped to its slowest pace of growth since the global financial crisis.
"The Chinese economy is unbalanced at present with an excess of investment, much of which has been financed via debt," said Jay Bryson, global economist at Wells Fargo.
"The slowdown that is under way in China is partially policy-induced, and the days of double-digit Chinese economic growth appear to be a thing of the past."
China's economy is expected to expand 7.4 per cent this year, narrowly missing the government's 7.5 per cent annual target, as Beijing tries to derive more future growth from consumer demand rather than exports. In 2015, economists predict growth to slow further to 7.1 per cent.
Also among the primary reasons for the protracted slowdown is the risk that China's overheated property market might crash, triggering ripple effects through a highly leveraged economy and further dragging on consumer demand.
While Beijing has undertaken targeted stimulus to ease business lending, liquidity and housing regulations, economists do not expect a major shift in policy or lower interest rates from the People's Bank of China.
Effects from a slowdown in the world's second largest economy have trickled through to South Korea, Hong Kong, Singapore and Indonesia, with growth estimates downgraded in the latest survey.
India, Asia's third largest economy, was among the few bright spots. Growth there is expected to pick up to its fastest pace this fiscal year since 2010-11 on the view that Prime Minister Narendra Modi will unveil much needed reforms to attract investment.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

  Govt Eyes 50th Spot in Ease of Doing Business RankingIron Ore Imports Surge as Prices Fall
New Delhi: The government is aiming to improve India's ranking in the ease of doing business index to 50th position in the next two years from 134th at present.
The Commerce and Industry Ministry has already taken several measures and has proposed series of steps, including drastically reducing the time for registration of business to one day, single registration of all labour laws and cut in number of taxes to improve ease of doing business in India.
(Also read: Government eyes steps to improve business climate )
"Aim is to improve the ranking to 50th position in two years from 134th at present. Different government departments have already started consultation and deliberations on steps to improve India's ranking," sources said.
They also said that meetings would continue to remove all the barriers and simplify the cumbersome procedures related to approvals and clearance mechanism for business activities.
According to a World Bank report, India has slipped by 3 positions to the 134th spot in the latest 'ease of doing business' list, which is topped by Singapore.
The Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion (DIPP) has identified sectors and specific reforms that are urgently required to substantially improve India's ranking in ease of doing business. It has listed as many as 46 action points for different central government ministries and state governments for improving the business climate.
For the Corporate Affairs Ministry, it has suggested that the time taken in registration of business from existing 27 days be reduced to only one day as in Canada and New Zealand.
It has also called for doing away with the requirement of company seal and removal of minimum paid up capital for starting a business.
It has suggested introduction of Bankruptcy Law, Unified Insolvency Code, speedy constitution of benches under National Company Law Tribunal and fixing of a definite and predictable timeframe for rehabilitation and liquidation process.
Similarly, it has recommended reduction in number of taxes and permitting online payment of taxes, simplification of complex tax processes, expeditng implementation of Direct Tax Code, Goods and Services Tax, besides abolition of minimum alternate tax for Special Economic Zone (SEZ) developers and units.
Further, it has called for a uniform policy and procedure for all states for a single window clearance along with combined application form and single registration for VAT and other state taxes.
DIPP has also proposed timelines to implement these initiatives, aimed at attracting investments as part of the Prime Minister Narendra Modi's 'Make in India' campaign.
During the last three years, India received an average of $30 billion annual foreign direct investment (FDI).
India needs huge investments to give a boost to its manufacturing sector and to create millions of jobs.
Story first published on: October 25, 2014 18:44 (IST)

Aditya Birla Group Announces JV With South African FirmYou are here: Home Corporates
Aditya Birla Group Announces JV With South African Firm
Press Trust of India | Updated On: October 24, 2014 23:30 (IST)
Aviation Regulator Acts Tough Against Troubled SpiceJet: Report
Johannesburg: Aditya Birla Group has announced a joint venture with a South African insurance giant to enter the Indian health insurance market.
ABG's financial services division has signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU) with MMI holdings Limited, in which the South African company will hold a 26 per cent stake. The stake will be upped to 49 per cent once India's regulatory regime allows the same.
The transaction is subjected to execution of the respective legal agreements and obtaining the required regulatory approvals, MMI said.
"Health Insurance has low penetration levels in India. Given ABFSG's focus on building a retail presence across products, we foresee a huge potential to target the requirements of untapped customers and their families," Aditya Birla Group chief executive financial services Ajay Srinivasan said in a statement.
MMI chief executive Nicolaas Kruger said the company would initially target the "ideal" client base of 20 million in India's larger cities, where health insurance penetration was less than 3 per cent.
He said MMI considered India to be an important market for its international growth strategy.
With 1.3 billion rands available for acquisitions, Mr Kruger said the company was comfortable putting in capital in line with its stake in the joint venture, but would not put a value to this deal as it was not an acquisition but a new venture.
"Each party will put in intellectual property and expertise and we will each contribute a relative portion to the share of capital required by the joint venture," Mr Kruger said.
"ABG is a household name in India and a respected and trusted business group and we are extremely pleased to enter into a partnership with them."
The company had set up an office in India three years ago to look at opportunities in the rising middle class in the country.
The joint venture decision had been buoyed by a recent report indicating that the rising Indian middle class would lead to greater demand for insurance products, growing from $66.4 billion in 2013 to an expected $350-400 billion in 2020.
MMI is the third South African insurer to enter India, with the country's two oldest insurance companies after Old Mutual and Sanlam.
Story first published on: October 24, 2014 23:15 (IST)

Indian  Chinese firms leading tech billionairelistPrint
By: PTI | Singapore | Posted: October 25, 2014 1:58 pm
Indian and Chinese technology entrepreneurs were leading the top 10 Asian tech billionaire list with USD 136 billion net assets, according to an industry source and recent market data.
India was represented by three entrepreneurs with combined net worth of USD 40.65 billion while China led with five businessmen with assets worth USD 67.1 billion.
The eight tech magnates from India and China have replaced Japanese and Koreans in the usually bullish stock list, the source said.
Indian representation in the list is expected to grow in value following the recent joining of businessman Niraj Goel’s Singapore Innovation League which is investing into technology start-ups, said the source.
Singapore-based Non-Indian Resident Goel has assets worth USD 12.95 billion from various businesses and has excelled by developing and using artificial intelligence in the technology sector, the source said.
Goel, who has been working in Singapore since 2000, is the youngest tech billionaire at 45 and ranked sixth on the list.
Wipro’s Azim Premji with net worth of USD 16 billion is third on the list and HCL’s Nadar Shiv with USD 11.7 billion at seventh.
Topping the list is Jack Ma of Alibaba, an e-commerce company in China, with a net worth of USD 20.8 billion.
Japan is represented by Masayoshi Son with net worth of USD 16.8 billion from various tech-listed companies and South Korea Samsung’s Lee Kun Hee with USD 11.4 billion. Son is rated second in the list and Lee eighth.

Nothing extreme: Jayalalithaa compensates people  dying over herJayalalithaa compensates people 'dying over her'
PTI  Chennai, October 25, 2014
First Published: 13:31 IST(25/10/2014) | Last Updated: 15:08 IST(25/10/2014)
Comments
Former Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa has again appealed to her supporters not to take extreme steps in the wake of her sentencing in a graft case, reassuring them she will overcome the latest legal challenge.
Supporters of AIADMK supremo J Jayalalithaa cry in Chennai after a Bangalore special court convicted her in a disproportionate assets case. (PTI Photo)
Last week, the All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (AIADMK) had expressed concern over the death of 193 people due to various reasons including suicide, apparently upset over her jail term in an illegal assets case.
Since her statement on October 19, after coming out on bail, 26 more people have died, according to a list released by the AIADMK headquarters.
Extreme reactions over the death or troubles of political leaders are not new in Tamil Nadu and similar drastic expression of grief has been known to erupt in neighbouring Andhra Pradesh as well.  
"I am confident that I will come out triumphant crossing all challenges" with divine help, Jayalalithaa said in a statement on Saturday.
"Therefore, I kindly request the people of Tamil Nadu not to resort to such extreme measures," she added and announced a relief of Rs. 3 lakh each to the families of the deceased on behalf of her party.
Earlier, she had announced the same amount as relief for the families of 193 persons identified as having died due to her conviction and sentencing.
The former CM was sentenced to four years in jail in a Rs. 66.65-crore disproportionate assets case by a Bangalore special court on September 27. The court also imposed a fine of Rs. 100 crore on her. 
She was granted bail by the Supreme Court on October 17 and returned home the next day.
Jayalalithaa has compared her "present situation" to "swimming in a sea of inferno".

Wholesale Commodity Markets Closed TodayYou are here: Home Industries
Wholesale Commodity Markets in Delhi Closed on Saturday
Press Trust of India | Updated On: October 25, 2014 15:38 (IST)
New Delhi: Wholesale commodity markets were closed in the national capital on Saturday.
The markets, including bullion and metal, remained shut on account of 'Bhai Dooj' festival.
Story first published on: October 25, 2014 11:31 (IST)

Modi govt is repackaging UPA s initiatives: ChidambaramOct 25, 2014, 05.27 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
New gas price a success if it brings in investments: Ex-FM
In a free-wheeling interview, former Finance Minister P Chidambaram highlights that the new gas price will be deemed an accomplishment only if it ushers in newer investors.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
New gas price a success if it brings in investments: Ex-FM
In a free-wheeling interview, former Finance Minister P Chidambaram highlights that the new gas price will be deemed an accomplishment only if it ushers in newer investors.
Post your opinion here
The Appointment
While the sentiment surrounding the Indian economy has revived considerably, the economic circumstances being faced by the former government in power-UPA – were very different says former Finance Minister P Chidambaram.
In an interview to CNBC-TV18’s Shereen Bhan, Chidambaram said all the headlines that the Modi government is making today is on the work that was earlier laid out by the UPA.
“The Modi government has the advantage of a successor government, but it doesn’t mean that they should run down the successes of its predecessors,” says Chidambaram .
In a free-wheeling interview, Chidambaram also highlights that the new gas price will be deemed an accomplishment only if it ushers in newer investors.
"The Finance Minister posed to himself the wrong question and therefore came up with an answer which appears right but not quite there. He said there is a choice between reasonable profit and windfall profit. We have chosen a price which will give them reasonable profit. Please remember, even at USD 4.2 they were making a profit. The question was wrong therefore the answer is wrong," he adds.
Below is the verbatim transcript of the interview to CNBC-TV18.
Q: Let me start by asking you about what you make of the finance ministers comments? He says there was a loss of confidence, the world was losing interest in India, we were falling off the global radar as far as investments were concerned, and decision-making had slowed down. Wouldn’t you agree that there has been a dramatic improvement as far as sentiment is concerned, as far as business confidence is concerned? We can quibble or argue about the fundamentals and whether the parameters have changed dramatically or not but you can't argue about the fact that confidence has returned, that sentiment has improved.
A: If you want to answer your question that way I have no objection. The test is eventually if sentiment improves does it reflect in investment? Does it reflect in more investment proposals coming say to the RBI or the FIPB? Does it result in joint ventures; does it result in more bidders when gas or oil blocks are auctioned? Does it result in more bidders when power projects are put up for bidding? I don’t think we have reached a point where we can say all that has happened.
It appears that thanks to the efforts of government and other factors there is a greater interest in India today than what it was say a year ago. A year ago we were battling very difficult circumstances. When UPA left government we had brought in a considerable degree of stability, a considerable degree of assurance but may be the new government is built on that, I must concede that.
Q: You are being charitable. I don’t think this government would also be charitable and say that the measures that were taken under your tenure as the finance minister specifically in the last year between August 2013 and the time that you vacated office did help stabilize the economy. In fact you said when the GDP Q1 data was announced that it vindicates the UPA’s position and your position specifically that economic growth had been halted 2013-2014 and that an upturn will take place in the beginning of 2014-15. However, unfortunately it was too little too late. At the end of the day people don’t care about who started the process, they care about how is at the finish line and it is not you today.
A: That's right, that is the advantage of a successor government but that doesn’t mean you should run down the previous government.
Suppose we lay the Jammu-Katra line, the new Prime Minister inaugurates it obviously the headline will be Prime Minister inaugurates Jammu-Katra line. No one will ask when was the line laid, when was the project cleared, who allocated the money, those questions will not arise. However the fact remains that the UPA government laid the Jammu-Katra line. I would give you any number of examples, Mangalyaan, Chandrayaan, Aadhaar, DBT, obviously the successor government will reap the benefits and when we succeed the BJP government if they have started something we will reap that benefit.
Q: I want to pick up on a comment that you made in July of this year when the economic survey was released by the government. You said I would urge the government that has absolute majority in the Lok Sabha to show greater degree of urgency and spell out specific steps that it will take according to a definite timetable. Let us talk about some of the measures that have been undertaken, diesel decontrol – even this control acknowledges that it was a decision that was taken by the UPA, they are benefiting from the fact that globally crude oil prices have collapsed and this is perhaps the best opportunity for this government to decontrol diesel prices and they have gone ahead and done that.
A: No they have not. Nobody has said yet diesel equals petrol in terms of decontrol.
Q: The finance minister has said so. He said diesel prices will be market linked from hereon.
A: No. Thereafter he said there is some absorptive capacity we hope they will be able to absorb it and if it goes beyond that they may raise prices. But why hedge? Why not say simply hereafter diesel is decontrolled. It will be according to market prices the way petrol is. I have not seen that statement. If they make that statement or if they have implied that they should make it explicit. I urge them to make that statement.
Q: There is confusion and we have tried to elicit a comment from both the Oil Minister as well as the Finance Minister on whether there is any kind of cushion were crude oil prices to move back up, is there the possibility that the government will bring in some sort of cap? We don’t have absolute clarity on that but at this point in time what we do have is the government saying very clearly that diesel prices are going to be linked to the market like petrol.
A: I hope so.
Q: Let me talk to you about gas and what the Finance Minister has said as far as gas is concerned is that the formula that has bow been arrived at is a fair formulation which balances incentives to exploration companies with moderate impact that will have to borne by the consumers. Would you agree that the formula that has now been arrived at is perhaps as the Finance Minister is pointing out a fair formula because even under your regime you had concerns about the impact for power producing companies, for the fertilizer sector there was talk about subsidizing power and the fertilizer sector, different pricing of gas as far as those two sectors were concerned or the end consumer was concerned. Isn’t this a more legitimate, fair way of going about it?
A: No formula is full proof. In any formula you can always pick a hole and I am not going to do that with the NDAs formula. However, Finance Minister posed to himself the wrong question and therefore came up with an answer which appears right but not quite there. He said there is a choice between reasonable profit and windfall profit. We have chosen a price which will give them reasonable profit. Please remember, even at USD 4.2 they were making a profit. The question was wrong therefore the answer is wrong.
The correct question to pose to oneself is at this price will there be new investment or will there be no investment? The test is if the top 10 oil and gas exploration companies come to India, apart from British Petroleum (BP) which is in a joint venture with  Reliance Industries (RIL) there is no other company among the top 10 which is India exploring for gas or oil. So, the test is the price that you offer will it bring new investors, new explorers. I don’t know, if they come at USD 5.61 they said and some re-corrected it to USD 5.06 – I don’t know. If at this price new investment will take place I would commend the government. However, we will have to wait and see whether at this price new investors will come.
Q: Wouldn’t you agree that this is perhaps the right approach? On the gas price issue for instance and let me link this back to the acquisition of policy paralysis that plagued the UPA in its second tenure, you waited till the election code of conduct virtually came into existence before notifying the gas price decision. So, a lot of what you are now talking about, this test could have been undertaken a year or two years before if you had gone ahead with the decision. The Rangarajan Committees formula was pending for over 11 months.
A: I have already said that The Ministry of Petroleum and Natural Gas was wrong in referring the question to the Election Commission. There was no need to refer the question at all. The Rangarajan Committee gave its report; it went through a review because objections were raised. After going through a review the Rangarajan Committee broadly reiterated its recommendation.

Nitin Gadkari meets RSS chief  says no discussion on Maharashtra politicsOct 25, 2014 at 02:44pm IST
Nitin Gadkari meets RSS chief, says no discussion on Maharashtra politics
23
0
Nagpur: Union Minister Nitin Gadkari on Saturday met Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh chief Mohan Bhagwat and discussed "important" issues but said there was no talk on politics in Maharashtra where the Bharatiya Janata Party is in the process of government formation.
The meeting took place a day after Maharashtra BJP president Devendra Fadnavis, said to be a front-runner for the chief ministership, called on the RSS chief.
The Lok Sabha MP from Nagpur came to Sangh building in Mahal in eastern part of the city on a two-wheeler.
Gadkari's meeting with Bhagwat comes a day ahead of the high tea being hosted by PM Modi in Delhi on Sunday for NDA MPs.
#maharashtra assembly elections 2014 #maharashtra #rss #mohan bhagwat
"I met Sarsarsanghchalaji (Bhagwat). It was a routine visit during Diwali like every year. Yes we discussed many important issues barring the Maharashtra politics and the chief ministership," Gadkari told reporters after emerging out of the building.
The senior BJP leader's meeting with Bhagwat comes a day ahead of the high tea being hosted by Prime Minister Narendra Modi in Delhi on Sunday for NDA MPs.
Bhagwat was out of Nagpur when Gadkari arrived from Delhi early this week to a grand reception from BJP workers.
Post October 19 election result, which pitchforked BJP to the top of the heap with 123 Assembly seats (one of them won by an ally) in the 288-member House, a section of the new MLAs pushed Gadkari's name for chief ministership.
Three of them went one step further and offered to quit their seats so that the Union Transport Minister could get elected to the Assembly from one of them.
Though initially reluctant to return to state politics, Gadkari added fuel to the speculation of being in the race for the top job when he said he was willing to take any responsibility entrusted by the party central leadership.
On Thursday, the 58-year-old former BJP President, who received Fadnavis at his residence on Diwali day, sought to clear the air on the issue, saying he was "happy" in Delhi.
Fadnavis, who left for Mumbai on Saturday morning, met Bhagwat last night. The BJP MLAs are likely to meet in the next couple of days to elect their leader.
Both Gadkari and Fadnavis, who also hails from Nagpur, are considered close to RSS, which is headquartered in the city.
3

Congress frowns at RSS article holding Jawaharlal Nehru responsible for India s partitionOct 25, 2014 at 02:03pm IST
Congress frowns at RSS article holding Jawaharlal Nehru responsible for India's partition
4
0
Thiruvananthapuram: Congress in Kerala has expressed strong resentment against an article carried by RSS journal 'Kesari' allegedly running down India's first Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru.
On getting a complaint seeking action from KPCC General Secretary Sooranad Rajasekharan, state Home Minister Ramesh Chennithala has asked DGP KS Balasubraniam to examine the issue and take action, if necessary.
The Editor of the weekly, however, stood by the article and stoutly refuted Congress' allegations. The article by BJP state committee member B Gopalakrishnan said "actually Nehru was responsible for the partition of the country and other tragedies including Gandhi's assassination."
The Editor of the weekly, however, stood by the article and stoutly refuted Congress' allegations.
#congress #rss #rss journal #jawaharlal nehru
The write-up also said Nehru was a "selfish" leader who concealed important facts from Gandhi on the partition and eventually kept him away from the final round of discussions.
Taking strong exception to the article, KPCC president VM Sudheeran said this was yet another attempt of the Sangh Parivar to distort history and denigrate Nehru.
Reacting to the charges, Editor of Kesari NR Madhu said this was a sheer distortion of facts by the Congress leaders with political motives.
"This is not for the first time we are criticising Nehru's policies and approaches to vital issues including the partition. But nowhere the article has even remotely suggested
that Nehru should have been physically targeted," Madhu said.
He said this was a ploy by the Congress leaders to show that they were more vehement in opposing the RSS and the BJP than the CPI-M.
"The CPI-M has been accusing the Congress of being soft towards the RSS after the Oommen Chandy government decided to go in for a CBI inquiry into the murder of the Sangh activist Elamthottathil Manoj at Kathirur in Kannur district. Now, the Congress wants to blunt this criticism by seizing and distorting facts," Madhu claimed.
0

RSS distances itself from article saying Godse should have killed Jawaharlal Nehru  not Mahatma GandhiOct 25, 2014 at 01:43pm IST
RSS distances itself from article saying Godse should have killed Jawaharlal Nehru, not Mahatma Gandhi
157
1
Thiruvanathapuram/New Delhi: The Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh has distanced itself from an article on Nehru-Gandhi-Godse written by a BJP leader in Kerala. The RSS has called it personal views of the writer and expected to release a statement in this regard.
An article that appeared in the RSS mouthpiece 'Kesari' on October 17 has indirectly suggested that the asssassin of Mahatma Gandhi, Nathuram Vinayak Godse should have killed Jawahar Lal Nehru and not Mahatma Gandhi. The article written by B Gopalakrishnan, who was the BJP candidate in Chalakudy Lok Sabha constituency, argued that the selfishness of Nehru was the reason for the partition of India.
"If history students honestly verified the historical facts before partition and also the views of Godse, they may arrive at the conclusion that Godse had chosen the wrong target," the article said.
The RSS has called it personal views of the writer and expected to release a statement in this regard.
The Congress in Kerala has demanded an inquiry into the article.
313

Equities will be best asset class in Samvat 2071You are here: Home > Collections > Samvat
Equities will remain as best asset class in Samvat 2071; Sensex could rally upto 30 per cent
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 23, 2014, 11.09PM IST
Tags:
Asset
(Analysts firmly believe…)
NEW DELHI: Samvat 2071, which started on November 3, 2013 ended on a strong note with Sensex registering a gain of 26.12 per cent and Nifty rallying 26.63 per cent in the last one year.
The Samvat 2071 which started from today is also expected to reward investors with handsome gains, considering the fact that economy has bottomed out and earnings growth is likely to improve to 15-20 per cent which should act as a big booster for markets.
Analysts at top brokerage firms firmly believe that we are in a bull-market and equities will remain as best asset class in Samvat 2071, provided global markets remain stable.
"The biggest risk is only global and may be if there is some tension at the borders, those kind of issues can impact the market if they worsen from where they are today," says Madhusudan Kela, Chief Investment Strategist, Reliance Capital.
"Otherwise from a government, from a policy, and from an earnings perspective, I do not see much risk between now and the next Samvat," he added. In terms of opportunity, equities still will be the best asset class compared with gold, real estate and fixed deposits, explains Kela.
Most analysts see the index hitting levels above 30000-35000 in the next one year which gives an upside of 11-30 per cent from current levels. However, it will not be easy for Indian markets to maintain the momentum considering the fact that US might just increase rates amid global economic slowdown.
But brokers are hopeful for a smart rally on the bourses. According to a survey conducted by ET Now of 15 brokerage firms, Sensex is on track to hit levels above 30000-35000 by next Diwali or by the end of next Samvat year. While, the 50-share Nifty index could record levels of 8500 in the next 12 months.
Raamdeo Agrawal, MD & Co-Founder, Motilal Oswal Financial Services also see markets to rise by 15-20 per cent in the next one year.
Samvat 2071 will witness extreme volatilities across asset classes, a signal of which is already visible in anticipation of rate hikes in US and the projected tapering of global economic growth.
Apart from normalization of monetary policy in US poses currency risks and FII outflow, global growth concerns and slowdown in China may weigh on equities in Samvat 2071.
However, with stable macros and policy push by the Modi government Indian should be able to weather the storm. Reforms at the Center are the key for the next leg of rally on the Nifty, say analysts.
"With strong election outcomes for BJP in Maharashtra and Haryana provide strength to the party in Rajya Sabha which will help them take reforms. Reforms like GST, gas pricing are expected next year," says Kiran Kumar Kavikondala, Director & CEO, WealthRays Securities
Budget for FY16 will be in focus as further roadmap is expected from Government on important issues like coal block reallocation. Government of India has taken a strong reform of diesel de-regulation already which is a strong signal for markets.
"Further reforms at the centre are key for next leg of rally on Nifty. By next Diwali, we expect Nifty to test 8500 and Sensex - 28,500," added Kavikondala.
Apart from policy impetus, there is another big trigger on the cards for Indian markets - declining inflation and likely ease in monetary policy, which should lend support to banking and auto sector.
In an attempt to please its vote bank, the previous government, had unwittingly created a vicious inflation cycle, by giving large hikes in MSP crop prices to farmers year after year and also in wages through pay commission, NREGA, etc.
"Already food and overall inflation are coming down, we've seen the start of deposit rate cuts too and I expect them to collapse in the coming months, taking the economy into a low inflation and low interest rate scenario - a big trigger for growth and for equity markets," says Dinesh Thakkar, Chairman & Managing Director, Angel Broking.
"Equities by their very nature are undoubtedly one of the best financial assets to participate in this growth," he added. So, friends, this Diwali bring out the fireworks and join the markets in celebrating the good times that are now upon us! - added Thakkar.
Re-rating on cards?
Samvat 2071 is a beginning with India being in a sweet spot. It means - India has a stable Government with mandate to take bold decisions to prop up the economy, crude oil prices are declining (Brent trading below 85/barrel against $101/barrel a year back) and falling inflations which supports the argument.
India imports nearly 80 per cent of crude oil, the targeted increase in diesel prices have come to an end, easing inflationary trends arising, visibility of gradual decline in CPI and WPI, low trade deficit, stable INR and strong GDP growth revival visibility, say experts.
"We are entering into a phase which is making India stand out. During the last four-five years in India, it was the reverse of the world," says Sunil Singhania, CIO Equity, Reliance Mutual Fund.
"So in the world we had prices falling, inflation falling, interest rates falling and India was among the few countries where interest rates were rising, inflation was rising," he added.
Singhania is of the view that in the next six months to one year, we would like to see some of the reforms. So whether it is GST, whether it is spending on infrastructure, railways, we would definitely like to see that.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Jayalalithaa compensates people  dying over herJayalalithaa compensates people 'dying over her'
PTI  Chennai, October 25, 2014
First Published: 13:31 IST(25/10/2014) | Last Updated: 15:08 IST(25/10/2014)
Comments
Former Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa has again appealed to her supporters not to take extreme steps in the wake of her sentencing in a graft case, reassuring them she will overcome the latest legal challenge.
Supporters of AIADMK supremo J Jayalalithaa cry in Chennai after a Bangalore special court convicted her in a disproportionate assets case. (PTI Photo)
Last week, the All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (AIADMK) had expressed concern over the death of 193 people due to various reasons including suicide, apparently upset over her jail term in an illegal assets case.
Since her statement on October 19, after coming out on bail, 26 more people have died, according to a list released by the AIADMK headquarters.
Extreme reactions over the death or troubles of political leaders are not new in Tamil Nadu and similar drastic expression of grief has been known to erupt in neighbouring Andhra Pradesh as well.  
"I am confident that I will come out triumphant crossing all challenges" with divine help, Jayalalithaa said in a statement on Saturday.
"Therefore, I kindly request the people of Tamil Nadu not to resort to such extreme measures," she added and announced a relief of Rs. 3 lakh each to the families of the deceased on behalf of her party.
Earlier, she had announced the same amount as relief for the families of 193 persons identified as having died due to her conviction and sentencing.
The former CM was sentenced to four years in jail in a Rs. 66.65-crore disproportionate assets case by a Bangalore special court on September 27. The court also imposed a fine of Rs. 100 crore on her. 
She was granted bail by the Supreme Court on October 17 and returned home the next day.
Jayalalithaa has compared her "present situation" to "swimming in a sea of inferno".

Aditya Birla Group announces JV with S.African firmAditya Birla Group announces JV with S.African firm
PTI     Johannesburg   Last Updated: October 24, 2014  | 16:48 IST
Kumar Mangalam Birla, chairman of Aditya Birla Group.
Aditya Birla Group has announced a joint venture with a South African insurance giant to enter India's huge health insurance market.
ABG's financial services division has signed a memorandum of understanding with MMI holdings Limited, in which the South African company will hold 26 per cent stake, which will be upped to 49 per cent once India's regulatory regime allows this.
The transaction is subjected to execution of the respective legal agreements and obtaining the required regulatory approvals, MMI said.
"Health Insurance has low penetration levels in India. Given ABFSG's focus on building a retail presence across products, we foresee a huge potential to target the requirements of untapped customers and their families," said Ajay Srinivasan, Chief Executive Financial Services of Aditya Birla Group, in a statement.
MMI chief executive officer Nicolaas Kruger said the company would initially target the "ideal" client base of 20 million in India's larger cities, where health insurance penetration was less than 3 per cent.
Kruger said MMI considered India to be an important market for its international growth strategy.
With 1.3 billion Rands available for acquisitions, Kruger said the company was comfortable putting in capital in line with its stake in the joint venture, but would not put a value to this deal as it was not an acquisition but a new venture.
"Each party will put in intellectual property and expertise and we will each contribute a relative portion to the share of capital required by the joint venture," Kruger said.
"ABG is a household name in India and a respected and trusted business group and we are extremely pleased to enter into a partnership with them," Kruger added.
The company had set up an office in India three years ago to look at opportunities in the rising middle class in the country.
The joint venture decision had been buoyed by a recent report indicating that the rising Indian middle class would lead to greater demand for insurance products, growing from $66.4 billion in 2013 to an expected $350 to $400 billion in 2020.
MMI is the third South African insurer to enter India, with the country's two oldest insurance companies after Old Mutual and Sanlam.

SAT slams Rs 7 500-cr Sebi blow on DLFSAT slams Rs 7,500-cr Sebi blow on DLF
Mail Today Bureau     Mumbai   Last Updated: October 24, 2014  | 18:17 IST
DLF chairman K.P. Singh
The Securities Appellate Tribunal (SAT) asked Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) on Wednesday the reason for banning DLF and its six top executives from the securities markets seven years after the realty major applied for an initial public offering (IPO) in 2007.
After DLF sought interim relief from SAT saying it needs to redeem around Rs 2,000 crore locked in mutual funds and some investment in bonds worth thousands of crores, the tribunal sought Sebi's response by afternoon itself.
DLF had received shareholders' approval last month to raise up to Rs 5,000 crore through nonconvertible debentures. SAT adjourned DLF's plea and posted the matter for hearing on October 30.
Presiding officer J.P. Devadhar and other SAT members Jog Singh and A.S. Lamba wanted Sebi's response by afternoon itself to consider any interim relief.
Sebi counsel Jamshed Cama said that his client's offices are closed for Diwali holidays. Devadhar observed that Sebi should have envisaged the impact of its regulatory actions on the investors, who have lost more than Rs 7,500 crore following the unprecedented ban,  which was imposed last week.
Cama replied that if DLF were to be believed, they did not disclose information about three subsidiaries (Sudipti, Shalika and Felicite) during the IPO launch arguing that they were of no material value. Sebi also questioned DLF's decision to allow wives of senior executives to remain invested in those companies. Describing the Sebi action as a death warrant and not a ban, senior DLF counsel Janak Dwarakadas said that there was no precedent wherein with one single stroke the watchdog's action, instead of protecting the investors, wiped out Rs 7,500 crore in market capitalisation.

Pakistan troops resort to unprovoked shelling  India retaliatesPakistani troops resorted to unprovoked mortar shelling on forward Indian positions in Balakote sector of Poonch district.
Written by Arun Sharma | Jammu | Posted: October 24, 2014 10:54 pm
While the international border remained peaceful during the last 24 hours, Pakistani troops resorted to unprovoked mortar shelling on forward Indian positions in Balakote sector of Poonch district on Friday night.
Giving details, Defence Ministry spokesman Lt Colonel Manish Mehta said that Pakistani troops resorted to “small arms, mortar and automatic weapon fire” on the Indian side in Balakote sector around 8.30 pm on Friday.
The Indian army responded “effectively” and “appropriately”, he said, adding that there was no casualty or damage to property on the Indian side.
About the international border, he said that there was no incident of firing from Pakistan after 10.30 pm Thursday.
Earlier during the day when Prime Minister Narendra Modi was celebrating Diwali with soldiers at Siachen and also the people hit by floods in Valley, the Pakistani Rangers had kept on firing at BSF positions along the international border in Ramgarh and Arnia sectors at frequent intervals.

Market jolt is a reality check for investors(Sometimes a little fear…)
NEW YORK: Sometimes a little fear is healthy for stock investors.
Nine days ago, after a series of sharp sell-offs, the Standard & Poor's 500 index was down 7.4 per cent from its September record as fears of a global economic slowdown intensified. Stocks have surged back this week, thanks to strong corporate earnings, and on Friday the S&P 500 had its best gain in nearly two years.
How should investors view this intense flip-flop? As an overdue reminder that stocks aren't a one-way ride up.
While last week's slump doesn't technically count as a correction _ defined as a 10-per cent drop from a peak _ that's how many professional investors view it.
``It's important to have these periods of scare and fear,'' says Joe Quinlan, chief market strategist for US Trust. ``It keeps investors honest and it keeps them on their toes.''
In fact, such sell-offs often provide a base for another move higher in stocks, market observers say.
That's because a slump stops people from focusing on the upward momentum of the stock market. If prices rise with few bumps along the way, investors sometimes stop considering the fundamental drivers of the market, such as company earnings and the health of the economy, Quinlan says. Investors are also tempted to ignore a tenet of investing: Diversify. After a big drop, though, they think about putting money into other things besides stocks.
It has been more than three years since the last correction and that was making some investors hesitant to buy stocks. The average amount of time between slumps is 18 months, according to data from S&P Capital IQ. Many investors reasoned that, statistically speaking, at least, the market was due for a sell-off.
John Manley, chief equity strategist at Wells Fargo Funds Management says that the recent plunge wasn't typical of a sell-off that precedes a deeper drop in stock prices.
Instead, the slump was typical of a sell-off that happens in a rising market, known as a bull market, he says.
By contrast, declines of 20 per cent or more, known as bear markets, tend to start with gradual sell-offs, rather than sudden swoons, Manley says.
``The thing about bull market corrections is that they come out of nowhere, and they are very violent and they are very nasty, and they are very short,'' Manley says.
For a deeper sell-off to happen, investors need to become complacent, or wildly enthusiastic, he says. So far, he sees little evidence of that on Wall Street. Manley expects the stock market to continue to stabilize as the US economy strengthens and company earnings improve.
Some believe that the slump changed the psychology of the market. The Chicago Board Options Exchange's volatility index, known as the VIX, or fear index, rose as high as 31 during the day on Oct. 15, but has since fallen back to 16.11. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note fell as low as 1.91 per cent last week as investors snapped up safer government bonds. It now trades at 2.27 per cent.
But Brad McMillan, chief investment officer at Commonwealth financial network, an independent broker dealer, sees more caution in the market.
The sharp sell-off has made investors focus on risks, such as a slowdown in growth in Europe and China.
  ``There are cracks in the ice at this point,'' said McMillan. ``People are really starting to process the fact that `we're pretty far up there,''' in terms of stock prices.
After a surge of nearly 30 per cent last year, the S&P 500 is trading at 24.8 times its 10-year average earnings, as calculated by Nobel Prize winning economist Robert Shiller of Yale. That is much more expensive than the long-term average of 16.5. Schiller's measure smooths out distortions caused by the business cycle.
It was also no coincidence that the slump in stocks came shortly before the Federal Reserve was due to end its economic stimulus, says Robert Pavlik, chief market strategist at Banyan Partners. The Fed is expected to end its bond-buying program this month, and to start raising interest rates by the middle of next year, its first hikes since 2006.
Pavlik points out that the market's sell-off only started to abate when St. Louis Fed President James Bullard said that the central bank should consider putting off ending its purchases. Stocks also rallied this week on reports that the European Central Bank was considering buying corporate bonds, a move that could lower borrowing costs and revive the region's economy.
``Any time there's a change in monetary policy you're going to see the market become affected, and you're going to see volatility increase,'' Pavlik says.
Despite the gyrations, the S&P 500 index is trading at 1,964, slightly higher than where analysts expected it to end the year. The average forecast of five banks polled at the end of 2013 was for the index to end this year at 1,915.
History suggests that the last quarter of the year will end up being a good one for stocks. The S&P 500 has gained an average of 4.8 per cent during the period over the last 15 years.
Another factor that could support stocks? Global investors are likely to start shifting more money to the US because growth elsewhere remains muted. That could push up demand for US assets.
``I do believe that the US economy is a shiny city on top of the economic hill right now,'' says Kevin Mahn, President and Chief Investment Officer of Hennion & Walsh Asset Management. ``That's where investors are finding some comfort.''
FEATURED ARTICLES

UP clocks lowest growth among BIMARU states in 9 yrsUP clocks lowest growth among BIMARU states in 9 yrs, finds Assocham study
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 25, 2014  | 16:43 IST
Picture for representation purpose. Photo: Reuters
Clocking the slowest compounded annual growth rate (CAGR) of about 6.9 per cent in terms of gross state domestic product, Uttar Pradesh is the lowest among the traditional BIMARU states (Bihar, Madhya Pradesh, Rajasthan and UP) in this regard during the past nine years i.e. during 2004-05 and 2012-13, according to an ASSOCHAM study.
"Bihar has ranked on top among the BIMARU states registering highest growth rate of 9.3 per cent in GSDP during the aforesaid nine year period followed by Madhya Pradesh (8.8 per cent) and Rajasthan (8.2 per cent) even as India's overall gross domestic product (GDP) grew at eight per cent during 2004-05 and 2012-13," said a study titled 'Analysis of BIMARU states' conducted by ASSOCHAM.
"Though UP's share in terms of contribution to Indian economy has remained highest during the aforesaid period,its share has dipped from 8.8 per cent as of 2004-05 to 8.1 per cent as of 2012-13/. The share of other states in BIMARU category though has remained stagnant over these years but has slightly improved-Bihar (from 2.6 per cent to 2.9 per cent), MP (3.8 per cent to 4 per cent) and Rajasthan (4.3 per cent to 4.4 per cent)," the study prepared by ASSOCHAM Economic Research Bureau (AERB) said.
"Total share of BIMARU states to India's economy has also slightly dipped from 19.5 per cent as of 2004-05 to 19.4 per cent as of 2012-13," D.S. Rawat, national secretary general of ASSOCHAM said while releasing the chamber's study.
Even on the agriculture and allied sector front, UP has proved to be the slowest in CAGR at 2.9 per cent ,well below the national growth rate of 3.7 per cent, it said.
Madhya Pradesh clocked highest growth rate of seven per cent in terms of agriculture and allied sector performance amid BIMARU states followed by Rajasthan (4.8 per cent) and Bihar (4.7 per cent).
he share of agriculture and allied sector in UP's GSDP has dipped from 29.7 per cent as of 2004-05 to 21.9 per cent as of 2012-13, the Assocham study said.
In Bihar, it has come down from 31.5 per cent to 22.5 per cent, while in Rajasthan it has slowed from 25.6 per cent to 19.9 per cent. MP registered just about three per cent decline i.e. from 27.7 per cent to 24.2 per cent during the period under review.
The contribution of agriculture and allied sector in Indian economy too dipped sharply from 19 per cent to 13.7 per cent during this period.
"On the industrial sector front, UP has registered 6.9 per cent growth rate during the said period while India clocked 7.4 per cent CAGR in the industrial sector," it said.
While amid BIMARU states, Bihar clocked highest growth rate of 13.9 per cent in the industry sector followed by MP (9.2 per cent) and Rajasthan (8.5 per cent).
The share of industry sector in UP's economy has marginally declined from 23.3 per cent as of 2004-05 to 23.2 as of 2012-13, while it has increased considerably in other BIMARU states - Bihar (from 13.8 per cent to 19.2 per cent), MP (27.1 per cent to 27.9 per cent) and Rajasthan (30.6 per cent to 31.3 per cent).
In the services sector too, UP has clocked slowest growth rate of nine per cent during 2004-05 and 2012-13 which is not only below other BIMARU states but also the national average of 9.6 per cent. Bihar registered highest growth rate of over 10 per cent followed by Rajasthan (9.7 per cent) and MP (9.6 per cent) during the period under review.
UP, however, has recorded highest growth in terms of services sector's contribution to the state economy as it rose from 47 per cent in 2004-05 to about 55 per cent as of 2012-13 followed by Rajasthan (from 43.8 per cent to 48.8 per cent), Bihar (from 54.7 per cent to 58.3 per cent) and MP (from 45.2 per cent to 47.9 per cent). Though, nationally the services sector share in the GDP increased from 53 per cent to 59.6 per cent.
At 4.8 per cent, UP has also registered slowest per- capita income growth rate between 2004-05 and 2012-13, while Bihar topped with 7.6 per cent CAGR amid other BIMARU states followed by MP (7 per cent) and Rajasthan (6.1 per cent).
Nationally the per-capita income grew by 6.2 per cent during this period.

PM  senior BJP leaders to attend Manohar Lal Khattars swearing-in ceremonyBy: Press Trust of India | Chandigarh | Posted: October 25, 2014 4:26 pm
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and senior BJP leaders will attend the oath-taking ceremony of Manohar Lal Khattar as chief minister of Haryana at Panchkula on Sunday.
“Prime Minister, BJP chief Amit Shah, some Union Cabinet Ministers, CMs of the BJP ruled states and senior leaders among others would attend the function tomorrow,” Haryana BJP spokesman Vir Kumar Yadav said here today.
Punjab Chief Minister Parkash Singh Badal would also attend the oath taking ceremony of the Khattar at Panchkula in Haryana, about 20 km from Chandigarh.
Among other leaders, outgoing Chief Minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda had also been invited.
The venue of the oath-taking ceremony, which was earlier Tau Devi Lal stadium, has been shifted to Panchkula’s HUDA ground in Sector 5.
Elaborate arrangements have been made for Sunday’s function, which in addition to the presence of top dignitaries is going to see huge rush of the BJP workers.
Haryana Chief Secretary Shakuntala Jakhu and Director General of Police S N Vashisht, Panchkula’s Deputy Commissioner S S Phulia held a meeting to review the arrangements for the function.
Senior Haryana BJP leaders also remained huddled in a meeting on Saturday to ensure that the event passes off smoothly.
Tight security measures were being put in place, with over 3,000 cops being deployed. Haryana BJP leaders claim that nearly 1 lakh people were expected to attend the function.
Roads leading to the HUDA ground were being given a facelift.
The Prime Minister will land at the Chandigarh Airport from where he will drive down to the venue, officials said.
In a departure from the past, the venue for the oath-taking function has been kept at Panchkula, which earlier used to be Chandigarh, the common capital of both Haryana and Punjab.
BJP has created history by coming to power on its own for the first time in Haryana, since its inception in 1966.
In the 90 member Haryana assembly, BJP bagged 47 seats, INLD 19 and its ally SAD 1, Congress 15, Haryana Janhit Congress (HJC BL) 2, BSP 1 and five independents romped home victorious.

Rajnath Singh expected in Mumbai on Monday; back channel talks on with Shiv SenaPrint
Rajnath was appointed as an observer for Maharashtra after BJP emerged as the single largest party in the Assembly polls. (Source: IE archive)
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: October 25, 2014 3:52 pm | Updated: October 25, 2014 5:30 pm
 
Home Minister Rajnath Singh is likely to go to Mumbai on Monday to discuss government formation in Maharashtra amid back channel talks between BJP and estranged ally Shiv Sena for a possible tie-up.
Singh will chair a meeting of the BJP Legislature Party which will elect its leader, who will be the Chief Minister.
Singh was appointed as an observer for Maharashtra after BJP emerged as the single largest party in the Assembly polls securing 122 seats out of a total of 288.
Sources said the BJP is in back channel talks with Shiv Sena over government formation and efforts are being made to settle the differences with its oldest ally with whom it snapped ties ahead of polls.
BJP Maharashtra unit chief Devendra Fadnavis continues to be the frontrunner for the post, though there are some more names doing the rounds.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has called a meeting of all NDA MPs at his residence tomorrow which Shiv Sena members will also attend.
Modi is in Mumbai on Saturday to inaugurate a private hospital there. It was, however, not clear whether he would have any political meeting during his visit.

BJP slams Telangana CM Rao over farmer suicidesYou are here: Home > Collections > Farmers
BJP slams Telangana CM K Chandrasekhar Rao over farmer suicides, power crisis
PTI Oct 25, 2014, 03.24PM IST
Tags:
Andhra Pradesh
(State BJP President…)
HYDERABAD: BJP in Telangana today came down heavily on Chief Minister K Chandrasekhar Rao , blaming him for farmer suicides and power crisis in the State, which came into existence over four months ago.
State BJP President G Kishan Reddy accused Rao of ignoring the plight of farmers and sought to debunk his promise of building a "golden Telangana".
The Opposition party alleged that 270 farmers have committed suicide in the last four months due to water and power shortage.
"On Diwali day alone, we have information that 14 farmers committed suicide. Under KCR's 'family rule' in Telangana, farmer suicides are fast increasing. Is it the Golden Telangana that KCR promised or suicides Telangana?" Reddy questioned at a press conference here.
"The Chief Minister himself has been saying the power crisis in Telangana will continue for the next three years. The Government does not have a proper plan to draw power from states like Chhattisgarh though they are ready to share it," the MLA said.
He demanded that the Telangana Government immediately convene an all-party meeting to discuss the power situation.
"If required, the Government should lead the all-party delegation to the Governor to find a solution to the crisis. The problem cannot be resolved by badmouthing others," he said referring to Rao's criticism of Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister N Chandrababu Naidu over the prevailing electricity shortage.
The TRS Government should take immediate steps to address the power crisis and also to stop suicide by farmers, he demanded.
Meanwhile, Andhra Pradesh Irrigation Minister Devineni Umamaheswara Rao took strong exception to the "foul language" the Telangana CM used last night against his AP counterpart.
"KCR is speaking blatant lies. By using such foul language as a Chief Minister, KCR is making all Telugus bow their heads in shame. Chandrababu is working to protect the interests of all Telugu farmers," Umamaheswara Rao said.
The Telangana CM should stop indulging in false propaganda against his AP counterpart, the Minister added.
Telangana has been pushed into a severe power crisis due to lack of foresight on the part of the TRS Government, he charged.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Bureaucrats seek MBA degree for better careerShamni Pande      Follow @ShamniPande Delhi   Edition: Oct 26, 2014
'When you join the services straight after graduation, there is an immediate jump in stature,' says Arijit Ghosh,President, Honeywell Aerospace. Photo: Vivan Mehra
Gaurav Agarwal topped the prestigious civil services examination in 2013. The top rankers among the selected candidates for the Indian Administrative Service (IAS) always make news, but Agarwal's profile also kept him in the limelight. He holds the unique distinction of being an alumnus of IIT Kanpur and IIM Lucknow.
'There will be growing demand for bureaucrats in advisory roles, in company boards or as directors,' says Anjali Bansal, MD, Spencer Stuart. Photo: Nishikant Gamre
Agarwal believes his technology and management background will aid him in his role as an IAS officer. And, as he joins the service, he is likely to meet many who share similar qualifications. Indeed, a small but growing number of bureaucrats also have an MBA degree. This trend has been discernible for at least over a decade now. In fact, such bureaucrats are labelled IIM-G, or the IIMs in government.
"Being a professional certainly helps you in public service, and it is not as if civil service does not equip you with management capabilities. In fact, it does," says Vinni Mahajan, who graduated from IIM Calcutta before joining the IAS in 1987 from the Punjab cadre. She was posted in the Prime Ministers Office (PMO) between 2006 and 2009 and is now back home as principal secretary in the Department of Health and Family Welfare, Punjab.
FULL COVERAGE: India's Best B-Schools 2014
With focus on economic growth in India, there is immense need for business-savvy bureaucrats. There is a growing need for more IAS officers with professional expertise because some cross-over of talent to the private sector is inevitable, says former bureaucrat Shailesh Pathak, who spent 16 years in the government before shifting to the private sector in 2006. Pathak has an MBA from IIM Calcutta and has also studied at Oxford University's Said Business School. He is now Executive Director at Bhartiya Group. "As the economy has started to inch up and there is action from the government, there will be greater demand for bureaucrats with relevant experience from companies," says Pathak.
Doing business is still highly complex in India and bureaucrats, with their understanding of the Indian system, can prove to be invaluable to private companies in decoding the policies and laws governing different sectors. A recent World Bank report points out that it takes about 27 days to establish an entity in India, 182 days to obtain various construction-related clearances, 67 days to get an electricity connection, 92 days to register property, 28 days to get a loan, and, among other snafus, 20 days for export and 11 days for import transactions.
Anjali Bansal, Managing Director, Spencer Stuart, says there has always been a need for bureaucrats in the private sector. Bansal should know. She has mandates for leadership and board-level search from MNCs and large Indian organisations. "A bulk of that demand will be from the infrastructure, power and telecom sectors and there will be growing demand for bureaucrats in advisory roles, in company boards or as directors," she says.
According to observers, often bureaucrats sans critical training in business are at a disadvantage, forcing many to arm themselves with an MBA . The other new trend is that industry today is seeking younger bureaucrats with Ã  clean record and with no obvious political bias.
Many bureaucrats have opted out of the system. Consider the example of Ashwini Vaishnaw, Vice President - Locomotives & Head Urban Infrastructure Strategy, Siemens. Vaishnaw spent nearly 15 years as an IAS officer. He started off as Collector of Cuttack, then became Deputy Secretary in the PMO and subsequently Deputy Chairman of Mormugoa Port Trust in Goa. "This is when I decided to further my skills and graduated from Wharton in 2010," he says.
But there are die-hard believers in the system - those who dream of doing selfless service. Some have rejoined IAS after taking time off to do an MBA. Srivatsa Krishna is an example. He is now Secretary, Department of IT, Biotechnology & Science & Technology, Government of Karnataka. A 1994 batch IAS officer - he topped the civil services exam -who has been credited for pioneering e-governance, he also went on to become the first serving officer to finish his MBA at the Harvard Business School. Krishna went on to do a short stint at the World bank before rejoining the IAS. "I came back to my first love, IAS, to work in public service, which is both meaningful and challenging," he says.
But, Prof. G. Ramesh, Chairperson of the think tank Centre for Public Policy (CPP), IIM Bangalore, insists that there are few believers in the system today. The CPP runs the country's leading Post Graduate Programme at IIM Bangalore and has pioneered the application of management disciplines for delivery of public services and governance. "My hypothesis is that the opportunity cost is high. Today, pay packages in the private sector are high and students find it hard to sit and prepare for the civil services exam, especially after they have done an MBA," says Ramesh.
Agrees Arijit Ghosh, President, Honeywell Aerospace, who quit the Indian Foreign Service after eight years in 2003 to do his MBA at Harvard Business School. "When you join the services straight after graduation, there is a significant gain as there is an immediate jump in stature but this wanes after sometime," he says.
In fact, students and young professionals often prefer to work with the government from the outside. Consider the example of Dinesh Chand, a 2011 pass out from XLRI Jamshedpur. He was associated with EY for two years. He subsequently took a sabbatical and worked for Dinesh Trivedi, MP from Trinamool Congress. Since December last, he has been with Swaniti Initiative, an organisation that delivers developmental solutions by working with elected officials on issues of health, education, gender and livelihood.
Take the case of 27-year-old Vashistha Iyer, a National Institute of Fashion Technology graduate, who after two years at an export unit decided to work for PRS Legislative, an independent research initiative. He subsequently got the Legislative Assistants to Members of Parliament (LAMP) fellowship. The fellowship places one legislative assistant with one Member of Parliament (MP). Iyer has not looked back since. He has been working with P.D. Rai, Lok Sabha MP from Sikkim, from 2012. Iyer is now about to join Rai's son who has floated a political brand consulting firm called Raisina Hill.
Entering civil services is not an option for either Chand or Iyer. "I have seen enough bureaucrats and I know what it is about. There are frustrations and I can do enough from the outside,"says Iyer.

India  20 others form Asian Infra Investment BankK J M Varma     Beijing   Last Updated: October 24, 2014  | 14:02 IST
Chinese President Xi Jinping with Prime Minister Narendra Modi. Photo: Shekhar Ghosh.
India along with 20 other countries on Friday signed an agreement to become founding members of the China-backed Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank (AIIB) to aid the infrastructure development in the Asian region and reduce the dependence on Western-dominated World Bank and IMF.
Usha Titus, Joint Secretary, Economic Affairs division of the Ministry of Finance, signed the MoU on behalf of India at a special ceremony in Beijing at the Great Hall of the People.
China's Vice Finance Minister Jin Liqun, who was also the former Vice-President of the Asian Development Bank, has been appointed as the Secretary General of AIIB.
The Bank, to be headquartered in Beijing, is expected to be operational by next year.
The MoU specifies that the authorised capital of AIIB is $100 billion and the initial subscribed capital is expected to be around $50 billion.
The paid-in ratio will be 20 per cent.
Voting rights are to be decided after consultations among the members over fixing the bench marks which were expected to be combination of GDP and Purchasing Power Parity (PPP).
Based on this formula, India will be second-largest share holder of the bank after China.
Elaborating on decision to participate in AIIB, Titus said India's view is that the new bank provides rich resource capital base for infrastructure financing, which is good for the regional development.
It will help to bridge the infrastructure deficit by playing a complimentary role along with other financial institutions like ADP and IMF and work for good governance, she told PTI.
Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson Hua Chua Chunying on Thursday welcomed India's participation in new bank.
China regards India's support as a major boost to the bank's formation which was largely seen as an effort to enlarge funding for the Asian countries reducing the dependence on ADB and other Western-dominated global financial institutions like World Bank and IMF.
China was keen about India's participation and an invitation in this regard was extended by Chinese President Xi Jinping during his first meeting with Prime Minister Narendra Modi on the sidelines of BRICS summit in Brazil in July.
The AIIB is in addition to the BRICS (Brazil, Russia, India, China and South Africa) Development Bank formed this year, which will be based in Shanghai. It is set to commence its operations with an Indian as its President.
Besides India and China, other AIIB members are Vietnam, Uzbekistan, Thailand, Sri Lanka, Singapore, Qatar, Oman, the Philippines, Pakistan, Nepal, Bangladesh, Brunei, Cambodia, Kazakhstan, Kuwait, Lao PDR, Malaysia, Mongolia and Myanmar.
(PTI)

Google executive Alan Eustace sets multiple records with leap from near-spaceprint
Google executive Alan Eustace broke the sound barrier and set several skydiving records over the southern New Mexico desert early Friday after taking a big leap from the edge of space.
Eustace's supersonic jump was part of a project by Paragon Space Development Corp. and its Stratospheric Explorer team, which has been working secretly for years to develop a self-contained commercial spacesuit that would allow people to explore some 20 miles (32 kilometers) above the Earth's surface.
Friday's success marked a major step forward in that effort, company officials said.
Google executive Alan Eustace, in the spacsuit, is carried aloft by a balloon for his leap from the edge of space that broke the sound barrier and set several skydiving records over the southern New Mexico desert outside Roswell.(AP Photo)
"This has opened up endless possibilities for humans to explore previously seldom visited parts of our stratosphere," Grant Anderson, Paragon president and CEO, said in a statement.
The technology that has gone into developing the balloon, the spacesuit and the other systems that were used in Friday's launch will be used to advance commercial spaceflight, namely efforts by Arizona-based World View Enterprises to take paying tourists up in a high-altitude balloon and luxury capsule starting in late 2016.
As more people head into the stratosphere, the spacesuits could be adapted for emergency rescues or other scientific endeavors, officials said.
After nearly three years of intense planning, development and training, Eustace began his ascent via a high-altitude, helium-filled balloon just as the sun was rising. It took more than two hours to hit a record altitude of 135,908 feet (41,425 meters), from which he separated himself from the balloon and started plummeting back to Earth.
Wearing his specially designed spacesuit, Eustace hit a top velocity of 822 mph (1,323 kph) during a freefall that lasted 4 1/2 minutes.
Jim Hayhurst, director of competition at the United States Parachute Association, was the jump's official observer. He said Eustace deployed a drogue parachute that gave him incredible stability and control despite the massive Mach 1.23 speed reached during the freefall.
Google executive Alan Eustace after a record-breaking 135,908 foot, or 41,000 meter space dive, parachuting  back to Earth on October 24, 2014 in Roswell, New Mexico. (AFP Photo)
Eustace didn't feel it when he broke the sound barrier, but the ground crew certainly heard the resulting sonic boom, Hayhurst said.
"He just said it was a fabulous view. He was thrilled," Hayhurst said of his conversation with Eustace after he landed.
The supersonic skydive happened with little fanfare, out of the media spotlight, unlike the 2012 attempt by daredevil Felix Baumgartner and the Red Bull Stratos team.
Baumgartner, who was taken aloft in a capsule with the help of millions of dollars in sponsorships, had set the previous altitude record by jumping from 128,100 feet (39,044 meters).
Watching Eustace and his team prepare was historic, said Hayhurst, likening the scene to what it must have been like to watch Ryan Airlines Corp. build the Spirit of St. Louis in the late 1920s.
"This was a bunch of quiet engineers doing the job," he said. "This is a scientific endeavor. This is a stepping stone to space."

LIVE: J-K  Jharkhand election dates being announcedAssembly elections in Jammu and Kashmir and Jharkhand will be held in five phases between November 25 and December 20, it was announced on Saturday. Votes will be counted on December 23.
 
Jharkhand and Jammu and Kashmir will vote on November 25, December 2, December 9, December 14 and December 20, Chief Election Commissioner VS Sampath said at a press conference in New Delhi. By-elections to three Delhi assembly constituencies--which fell vacant after BJP legislators got elected to Lok Sabha--would also be held on November 25.
 
The BJP has high stakes in these polls: it hopes to form a majority government in Jharkhand, emerge as a strong player in J-K and retain all three assembly seats of Delhi that would keep the hope of government formation in the national capital alive.    
 
The Congress is hard pressed to retain Jharkhand and J-K after losing Maharashtra and Haryana to the Narendra Modi-led BJP. Its alliance with the National Conference (NC) in J-K broke up ahead of the elections and there is no clarity on whether it will go along with the Jharkhand Mukti Morcha (JMM) in the tribal state. Losses in J-K and Jharkhand would mean further marginalisation for India's grand old party, barely months after it was reduced to just 44 seats in the Lok Sabha.
 
Flood-hit Jammu and Kashmir
 
The ruling NC heads into the polls reluctantly, having asked for a deferment owing to floods that devastated the state.
 
The opposition Peoples Democratic Party would believe time is ripe to oust the NC. The BJP too would rate its chances bright, particularly after a strong showing in the parliamentary polls.
 
The PDP and the BJP won three Lok Sabha seats each, blanking out the NC and the Congress.
 
The BJP would be hopeful of a better performance in Jammu and Buddhist-dominated Ladakh, but the Valley must be a priority to achieve the majority mark of 44 in the 87-member assembly.
 
Hobbled by the floods, the NC would also face heat over street agitations, killing of youth, unemployment and even charges of corruption in the state's cricket association as the elections approach.
Read: After floods, J-K to brave cold for polls
 
The hanging of Parliament attack convict Afzal Guru too is expected to cast an emotive shadow on the elections.
 
Turbulent Jharkhand
 
The JMM-led alliance with the Congress and the Rashtriya Janata Dal has been in power for the last one-and-a-half years in Jharkhand, where the BJP must be fancying its chances of regaining power.
 
The BJP has not projected a 'face' in Jharkhand, but it has indicated a non-tribal may become the chief minister if party gets the majority. Every CM in the state has been a tribal.
 
In parliamentary polls earlier this year, the BJP won 12 out of the state's 14 seats. Modi had addressed nine rallies in Jharkhand ahead of the national elections and the state party unit, which has tasted power intermittently, would be hoping for an encore.
 
The BJP's performance in the Lok Sabha elections, computed across the state's 81 assembly seats, shows an impressive lead in 56 (70%) out of 81 seats with second position in 23 seats. Only in the remaining two seats, the party stands third. The majority mark is 41.
 
After 2004 and 2009, this will be the third assembly elections in Jharkhand, which has thrown up fractured mandates and seen political instability under coalition rules since its creation in 2000. No party has ever got a majority in the tribal state that has seen nine different governments and President's rule on three occasions.

Contributions to Swach Bharat Kosh fall under CSR ambitContributions to Swach Bharat Kosh come under CSR ambit
PTI     New Delhi    Last Updated: October 25, 2014  | 16:59 IST
Contributions made by corporates towards Swach Bharat Kosh and Clean Ganga Fund will be considered as social welfare spending under the new companies law, according to the government.
Swach Bharat Kosh and Clean Ganga Fund are among the key initiatives unveiled by the Narendra Modi-led government as part of its efforts to ensure cleanliness.
While Swach Bharat Kosh is to attract funds for works to improve sanitation facilities, the Clean Ganga Fund is for pooling money to be used for cleaning up Ganga river.
Certain class of profitable companies are required to shell out at least two per cent of their three-year average annual net profit towards Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) activities. The provision, which is part of the new Companies Act, came into force from April 1.
The Corporate Affairs Ministry, which is implementing the new companies law, has now brought contributions to Swach Bharat Kosh and Clean Ganga Fund under the CSR ambit.
In a notification on Saturday, the Ministry has inserted the words 'including contribution to the Swach Bharat Kosh set up by the central government for the promotion of sanitation" in Schedule VII of the Act.
Besides, the words "including contribution to the Clean Ganga Fund set up by the central government for rejuvenation of river Ganga" have been inserted in the Schedule.
Schedule VII of Companies Act, 2013, pertains to CSR activities.
During the day, Modi-whose government has embarked on a major drive to ensure cleanliness -- tweeted about the topic.
"Several friends told me that a lot of people cleaned the areas where they burst crackers during Diwali. I congratulate them for the efforts," he said in a tweet.
Meanwhile, as per the new companies law, CSR norms would be applicable to companies having at least Rs 5 crore net profit, or Rs 1,000 crore turnover or Rs 500 crore net worth.
Such companies would need to spend two per cent of their three-year average annual net profit on CSR activities in each financial year, beginning 2014-15 fiscal.
Livelihood enhancement and rural development projects, working towards protection of national heritage, setting up public libraries, promotion and development of traditional arts and handicrafts, are among the activities coming under CSR ambit.

NASA captures largest sunspot in two decadesOct 25, 2014 at 11:00am IST
NASA captures largest sunspot in two decades
31
0
Washington: NASA's Solar Dynamics Observatory (SDO) has spotted an image of a gigantic sunspot - the largest in last 24 years.
The flare erupted from a particularly large active region dubbed as AR 12192.
The sunspot soon grew to be the largest active region observed in the current solar cycle - a periodic change in the Sun's activity and appearance - which began in 2008.
The flare erupted from a particularly large active region dubbed as AR 12192.
#nasa #us #sunspot
This is the fourth substantial X-class flare from this active region since October 19.
"The sunspot region is about 80,000 miles across, which is wide enough for 10 Earths to be laid across its diameter," NASA said in a statement.
X-class denotes the most intense flares, while the number provides more information about its strength.
Solar flares are powerful bursts of radiation. Harmful radiation from a flare cannot pass through Earth's atmosphere to physically affect humans on the ground.
These can also disturb the atmosphere in the layer where GPS and communications signals travel.
107

Indian-American gets award for ending domestic violence8
0
Washington: Indian-American Attorney Anu Peshawaria has been awarded with the "Take Action against domestic violence Award" for her efforts to end domestic violence.
The annual award is presented by the King County Coalition Against Domestic Violence in King County of the Washington State to several individuals or groups to recognise their remarkable efforts to end domestic violence in their communities.
Peshawaria was given this award in recognition of her effort to end domestic violence in the community. She has represented hundreds of legal cases related to female empowerment, child and domestic abuse, and matrimonial claims including dowry death, adultery, and divorce in India and other countries.
Peshawaria was given this award in recognition of her effort to end domestic violence in the community.

Rajnath Singh expected in Mumbai on Monday; back channel talks on with ShivSenaPrint
Rajnath was appointed as an observer for Maharashtra after BJP emerged as the single largest party in the Assembly polls. (Source: IE archive)
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: October 25, 2014 3:52 pm | Updated: October 25, 2014 5:30 pm
 
Home Minister Rajnath Singh is likely to go to Mumbai on Monday to discuss government formation in Maharashtra amid back channel talks between BJP and estranged ally Shiv Sena for a possible tie-up.
Singh will chair a meeting of the BJP Legislature Party which will elect its leader, who will be the Chief Minister.
Singh was appointed as an observer for Maharashtra after BJP emerged as the single largest party in the Assembly polls securing 122 seats out of a total of 288.
Sources said the BJP is in back channel talks with Shiv Sena over government formation and efforts are being made to settle the differences with its oldest ally with whom it snapped ties ahead of polls.
BJP Maharashtra unit chief Devendra Fadnavis continues to be the frontrunner for the post, though there are some more names doing the rounds.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has called a meeting of all NDA MPs at his residence tomorrow which Shiv Sena members will also attend.
Modi is in Mumbai on Saturday to inaugurate a private hospital there. It was, however, not clear whether he would have any political meeting during his visit.

Pfizer s $11 bn buyback plan deflates AstraZeneca bidOct 25, 2014, 04.26 PM IST  | Source: Reuters
Pfizer's $11 bn buyback plan deflates AstraZeneca bid
Pfizer, which has a market valuation of about USD 180 billion, earlier this year failed in its USD 118 billion bid to buy British rival AstraZeneca. It has an opportunity to make a fresh run at its target from late November under British takeover rules.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Pfizer's $11 bn buyback plan deflates AstraZeneca bid
Pfizer, which has a market valuation of about USD 180 billion, earlier this year failed in its USD 118 billion bid to buy British rival AstraZeneca. It has an opportunity to make a fresh run at its target from late November under British takeover rules.
Post your opinion here
 
US drugmaker  Pfizer is to continue buying back stock, with the board authorising a new USD 11 billion share repurchase plan, deflating expectations that it will make a new bid for AstraZeneca.
Shares in AstraZeneca fell 1.2 percent by 0800 GMT on Friday following the news.
The largest American pharmaceuticals company, whose shares gained more than 1 percent after the announcement late on Thursday, said the move was in addition to the USD 1.3 billion remaining on its current share buyback programme.
Pfizer, which has a market valuation of about USD 180 billion, earlier this year failed in its USD 118 billion bid to buy British rival AstraZeneca. It has an opportunity to make a fresh run at its target from late November under British takeover rules.
Pfizer Chief Executive Ian Read has said the company is continuing to look at deals but investor hopes for a new bid have dwindled recently because of the introduction of new US tax rules.
The US government's tax proposals are designed to make it harder for American firms to shift their tax bases out of the country and into lower cost jurisdictions in Europe, as Pfizer would do by buying AstraZeneca.
The likelihood of Pfizer resuming its pursuit has also been diminished following the collapse of US drugmaker AbbVie's USD 55 billion plan to buy Dublin-based Shire, as a result of the new U.S. tax regulations.
But while investors may well view the big new share buyback as another blow to the idea of a Pfizer bid, ISI Group analyst Mark Schoenebaum cautioned against reading too much into it. "We cannot and should not necessarily make that read-across," he said in a note
RELATED NEWS

Tharoor plunges into sanitation drive  invokes Gandhi toTharoor plunges into sanitation drive  invokes Gandhi to
Rajnath expected in Mumbai  back channel talks onRajnath expected in Mumbai  back channel talks on
BJP ready for polls in Jammu and Kashmir  says Jitendra SinghBJP ready for polls in Jammu and Kashmir  says Jitendra Singh
TATA CRUCIBLE CAMPUS QUIZ: AHMEDABADAnother case of plagiarism aga...>
Posted by: avin 57      At: 05 Dec 2014 01:35      Category: Politics
   81 comments
close on 24 December after SC ...>
Posted by: rise95      At: 05 Dec 2014 03:17      Category: Tech Mahindra
Advances & Declines

Live: PM Modi inaugurates Sir HN Reliance Foundation Hospital4
1
Mumbai: Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Saturday inaugurated the Sir HN Reliance Foundation Hospital by unveiling a digital plaque in Mumbai. The hospital originally built in year 1925 has been restored by the Reliance Foundation.
6:10 PM: PM Narendra Modi takes a guided tour of Sir HN Reliance Foundation Hospital
6:09 PM: High Profile guests include sportsmen like Sachin Tendulkar, Sunil Gavaskar. Media Person like Raghav Bahl, Arnab Gowasami. Film Stars like Aamir Khan, Hritik Roshan, Rishi Kapoor among others.
Built in 1925, Sir HN Reliance Foundation Hospital is now a swanky 19 floor structure in the heart of South Mumbai.
6:08 PM: Mukesh Ambani lauds PM Modi's US visit.
6:05 PM Mukesh Ambani appreciates presence of Prime Minister Modi and Governor of Maharashtra at the event.
6:00 PM: Mukesh Ambani addresses the inaugural function of Sir HN Reliance Foundation Hospital
5:58 PM: Kokilaben presents memento to PM Narendra Modi at the inaugural function of Sir HN Reliance Foundation Hospital.
5:55 PM: PM Modi ends his address at the inaugural function of Sir HN Reliance Foundation Hospital.
5:54 PM: The journey from Health insurance to health assurance is long and has to be achieved: PM
5:53 PM: I do not say no governments did anything. All governments did work. Our efforts are to take India ahead and we have to work together: PM
5:52 PM: Health should be the one point agenda of all political parties: PM Modi
5:52 PM: PM Modi hails ISRO scientists for Mangalyaan mission.
5:50 PM: PM Narendra Modi talks about medical practices in Indian ancient history.
5:45 PM: PM Narendra Modi talks about clean drinking water and its importance.
5:43 PM: Preventive healthcare is important. The consciousness and facilities that are required for that can be improved: PM Modi
5:40 PM: Poor face immense difficulties. If a poor person falls ill the entire family can starve: PM Modi
5:34 PM: A very old hospital has got a new life today. In a way it is a new beginning for the hospital, says Prime Minister Modi.
5:31 PM: MP Paresh Rawal invites PM Narendra Modi to speak at the inaugural function of Sir HN Reliance Foundation Hospital.
5:21 PM: Prime Minister Narendra Modi inaugurates Sir HN Reliance Foundation Hospital.
5:20 PM: Paresh Rawal invites PM Modi to digitally inaugurate HN Reliance Hospital.
5:19 PM: Nita Ambani says that only a healthy nation can be prosperous.
5:14 PM: Nita Ambani says 50 doctors of India origin across the world have joined the hospital.
5:13 PM: Nita Ambani says, "Good health is a fundamental right. It is non-negotiable. everyone deserves to live life to the fullest."
5:12 PM: Nita Ambani thanks PM Modi for the initiatives taken by him and says, "Each of PM Modi's initiatives have a connect to healthcare."
5:11 PM: Nita Ambani says, "HN Hospital will treat each patient as equals."
5:09 PM: Nita Amabni says, "We re-dedicate Sir HN Reliance Foundation Hospital to the people of Mumbai."
5:08 PM: Nita Ambani addresses the event.
5:06 PM: Nita Ambani gives floral welcome to PM Narendra Modi nad Maharashtra Governor Vidyasagar Rao
4:59 PM: Prime Minister arrives for inauguration ceremony of Sir HN Reliance Foundation Hospital. Maharashtra Governor Vidyasagar Rao also arrives at the venue.
4:58 PM: Mumbai's first general hospital was built in 1925.
4:52 PM: The building has been restored keeping its old charm intact.
4:40 PM: MP Paresh Rawal praises Reliance Foundation chairperson Nita Ambani for her hardwork and being the backbone in the renovation of the hospital.
4:36 PM: MP Paresh rawal addresses inauguration ceremony of Sir HN Reliance Foundation Hospital.
4:32 PM: Prominent surgeon Dr Gustad Daver is appointed as Hospital's Medical Director.
4:27 PM: The Reliance Foundation is run by Mukesh Ambani-led Reliance Industries.
4:27 PM: Mahatma Gandhi was one of the frequent visitors to the hospital.
4:25 PM: General wards to have the same level of treatment as any other ward.
4:22 PM: For the first time, the hospital has a collaboration with America's most renowned institutes like Johns Hopkins, MD Anderson Cancer Centre, Massachusetts General Hospital and University of Southern California.
4:20 PM: Cricket legend Sachin Tendulkar along with his wife Anjali Tendulkar attend the event.
4:16 PM: Amitabh Bachchan and Aishwarya Rai Bachchan along with other members of the Indian film fraternity arrive at the function.
3:43 PM: Prime Minister Narendra Modi will inaugurate the hospital.
3:40 PM: The inauguration ceremony will begin at 4 PM.
3:35 PM: Guests have started arriving for the inauguration of Sir HN Reliance Foundation Hospital in Mumbai
Mumbai: After undergoing major renovation and expansion by the Reliance Foundation, Mumbai's first general hospital is all set to be inaugurated on Saturday by Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
Built in 1925, Sir HN Reliance Foundation Hospital is now a swanky 19 floor structure in the heart of South Mumbai. The hospital is furnished with state-of-the-art operation theatres.
For the first time, the hospital has a collaboration with America's most renowned institutes like Johns Hopkins, MD Anderson Cancer Centre, Massachusetts General Hospital and University of Southern California.
The hospital will reserve a fifth of its capacity for the underprivileged and provide 10 per cent beds for free to the needy and another 10 per cent at subsidised rates.
Doctors have also been asked to conduct free surgeries and hold free weekly OPDs for the poor as well.
The hospital has applied for a green status, which could make it India's largest green hospital.
12

11 Things I Learned Starting My Own Business Right Out of Collegereddit
This list was born out of my own experiences but I felt it could be extremely valuable to other young start-ups by helping them avoid some of the mistakes we've made and shorten the time from start-up to viable venture. If anything, it will help you do what I'm doing -- which is learning as I go!
1. White t-shirts are a no-go.
White is impossible to keep clean and we are farmers at the end of the day. We should not be working in white. The same goes for the customer. They are out in the world and white just gets dirty. Most of our customers are like us and are likely not going to use bleach and other harmful stain fighters to keep their shirts white.
Takeaway: If it doesn't work for you, don't push it on your customer.
2. Business needs to be stressed like a muscle so it rebuilds stronger and faster.
When you exercise a muscle you are actually tearing it. It then heals and repairs itself to be stronger. Your business needs to be exercised as well. You need to test it, tear it and rebuild it stronger. If you are not getting yourself and your business out there by testing and rebuilding then you are not structured for success. You will waste so much time perfecting something that no one actually wants or needs.
Takeaway: Determine your minimum viable product, build it, measure it on users, learn from their feedback and start over with version 2.0 and keep this cycle going over and over.
3. Freedom comes through diligence.
One of the most attractive parts of being an entrepreneur is being your own boss and being in control of your schedule. However, at the end of the day, you are not going to be successful if you are not carving out time for productivity and getting shit done! The only way I can do what I want, when I want, is by being extremely focused with the time I'm not having fun with family and friends. That focus is all dedicated to highly productive time working on my business. And it's in this way, through strict planning, that I can be spontaneous and take off for a fun event or social outing because I know how productive I am with limited time.
Takeaway: Work hard and have fun. You need balance. Just define what time is for what purpose.
4. Get out of your comfort zone!
Put yourself -- and more importantly, your business -- out there. I like to call it getting out of the building. You can't hole up all day everyday building your perfect product. Get in front of potential customers, show them what you're working on, find early adopters or buyers and get the testimonials and feedback to fuel future sales and product iterations. I'm a definite introvert and talking with people I don't know without introduction was one of the hardest things for me to do. My stomach rolls at the thought of a cold call or approaching a stranger with the goal of selling them on something I'm doing. If you can't ask someone to take a look or tell them why what you have is valuable, you won't ever make a sale and you shouldn't be an entrepreneur. Getting past this fear and out of my comfort zone is easily the most valuable thing I have done in terms of figuring out specifically what our customer likes about our product and what are the crucial features of our product we should highlight to specific customer segments.
Takeaway: Get out of your comfort zone. If you are feeling fear, then you are progressing, doing something new and untested. That's where you want to be as a startup.
5. Interview your customer.
This goes side by side with getting out of your comfort zone. Not only do you need to get out there but you need to interact with everyone and ask for feedback from everyone. I mean everyone. I don't care if you think they are a potential customer or not; at this stage of the game, you are ignorant as to who your customer is. It's all about discovery and figuring out customer segments you didn't think about, validating your assumptions about who your customers are and invalidating your wrong assumptions. The only way you can do this is through customer interviews. Talk to everyone about your business and what you are doing. I bet without asking people give you their take or an idea they have.
Takeaway: Talk to everyone about your product, get feedback, and adjust your product or service accordingly.
6. Always sell.
Always sell, but not necessarily for profit. Just be passionate, love what you do and share your passion and then ask for help. In the beginning give your product away if you can afford to do so. Get it into the hands of your target demographics and get their feedback. People love to help someone who's doing what they love. They love to help and to test the product and give feedback, too. It makes them feel good and it's an exchange of value between you and your customer. The more you do this, the more viable your product becomes, the quicker you can get testimonials, and the quicker you can get sales.
Takeaway: Get your product into peoples hands, ask them what they think, adjust based on feedback. If they like like it share that with other people. Nothing sells better than testimonials.
7. Surround yourself with like-minded people.
I don't know who originally said it, but I learned this from James Altucher . You are the sum of the five people you hang around most. If you want to grow and strive, hang around with people who have the same goals -- especially entrepreneurs with businesses that have the same customer segments or are complementary to yours. Team up, do events and promote each other socially. Build and share each other's audience. Expect nothing in return. Just keep adding value to your customers and people you want to work with and it will always come back to you. Don't hang around with those who detract from what you're doing, even if these are your best of friends. If they are holding you back, then you need to really re-evaluate that friendship.
Takeaway: You are the sum of the five people you hang around with most. If you don't like who you are or if you are not hanging around with people who inspire you to grow and better yourself, you need to change that. If you do not, you will stagnate. This takes willpower and this doesn't happen overnight. This one is one of the harder ones to swallow but no one has succeeded by hanging around people who put them down all the time.
8. Innovate constantly.
This doesn't mean your business is always shifting. Have focus but always be looking for a way you can reduce stress, increase mass, and increase velocity (how quick you scale up) in your business. It's all about recognizing an opportunity for gain and seizing it. Come up with five ways a day to reduce stress/friction, increase mass, and increase velocity (how quick you scale). Give yourself permission to come up with bad ideas. The point is to just practice thinking of ways to improve and be more efficient. Then you'll be "lucky" because you can always strike while the iron's hot and capitalize on opportunities that present themselves. If you aren't always looking for these ideas to manifest, they could pass you by.
Takeaway: Come up with five ideas a day that either reduce stress and friction, increase mass, or increase velocity for your business.
9. Copy copy that works.
Someone already doing something similar? Are they making sales? Study their ads and their copywriting. Don't fret. Figure out what they are doing that works, why it works, and reflect that in your own copy. Not word for word, of course, but write similar blogs, deliver similar videos, make sure your product or service offers all the value propositions that they also deliver -- and then figure out how you can do it better. Quality has staying power and if you can deliver something better then do it!
Takeaway: Don't reinvent the wheel. If someone else is having success with a strategy or approach selling a similar product, it's for a reason. They are connecting with the customer. Make sure you can deliver the same or better value and innovate the product on top of that.
10. Be the change you want to see in the world.
We recently became the first Benefit Corporation in CT. There are over 20 companies who share that distinction with us and took part in this historic event. Business doesn't need to be this cutthroat winner take all at the expense of others mess. We're humans; we can think about the future and consequences of our actions. We're unique and extraordinary because we are proactive -- not reactive -- human beings. We can look at problems in our environment or surroundings and improve them. This is something almost no other animal can consciously contribute to the environment.
But as humans we still make mistakes. Innovation in business is all about correcting those mistakes and showing others the better alternative to the standard solutions we've been using to fix a problem in our lives. We became an aquaponics farm and we became a benefit corporation for the same reason. We personally had the goal of improving our health, wealth and selves. We chose aquaponics because we wanted to know the source of our food and ensure it was of a certain quality. So that's what we promise to bring each year. As a benefit corporation, we now have to showcase these efforts annually in a report. Gladly.
We're a Connecticut Benefit Corporation because we don't just value profits. Our board has to consider the social, environmental and economical value of every decision and activity our business takes on. It's about leaving our earth and communities in a better state than when we came to them and bringing you only food that lives up to our standards. Its now a mandated part of our business and no matter how large we grow or even if we sell our business it has to maintain these standards as a registered Benefit Corporation.
Takeaway: Do what you love and do what you want to see in the world. Commit to it. You need to be passionate about it. If it's not something you wouldn't do for free and wouldn't commit anything to see accomplished, then how can you inspire others to trust you and buy from you?
So that's what I've learned the past year of starting a business from scratch. Take an idea and making it a viable entity. I have so much more to learn but I know that if I'm constantly improving then I'm on the right track. If you found anything in this article valuable or know someone who could benefit from it, please share it! The best way to accelerate progress is to learn from others mistakes and avoid making them yourself. To get more from us visit freshfarmct.org and sign up for our newsletter.
That being said the most valuable thing I learned in business is a widely known sentiment. Don't overlook it.
11. Under promise, over deliver.
This is up there with the customer is always right. If you over deliver on the promises your product makes, you have the best chance of gaining a customer for life and that is what makes a business successful. So no matter what you're doing -- whether it's a blog post, an interview, a sale or a customer follow-up -- under promise and over deliver.
Takeaway: Under promise, over deliver and you'll find yourself with a cadre of lifetime customers who will champion you and your business.
This post originally appeared on freshfarmct.org.
--
Kieran Foran co-founded FRESH Farm Aquaponics in 2012 after graduating from Northeastern University. Prior to graduation, Kieran chanced upon aquaponics through his friend and co-founder Spencer Curry. The two become obsessed with the possibilities of aquaponics and the way it could revolutionize today's dysfunctional food system. They started the company FRESH Farm Aquaponics to be the change they wanted to see brought to world. For more information please visit freshfarmct.org
Follow Kieran Foran on Twitter: www.twitter.com/kieroniusrex
More:

The Importance of Being ExceptionalCross-posted with TomDispatch.com
The origins of the phrase “American exceptionalism” are not  especially obscure. The French sociologist Alexis de Tocqueville,  observing this country in the 1830s, said that Americans seemed  exceptional in valuing practical attainments almost to the exclusion of  the arts and sciences. The Soviet dictator Joseph Stalin, on hearing a  report by the American Communist Party that workers in the United States  in 1929 were not ready for revolution, denounced “the heresy of American exceptionalism.” In 1996, the political  scientist Seymour Martin Lipset took those hints from Tocqueville and  Stalin and added some of his own to produce his book American Exceptionalism: A Double-Edged Sword . The virtues of American society, for Lipset -- our individualism, hostility to state action, and propensity for ad hoc problem-solving -- themselves stood in the way of a lasting and prudent consensus in the conduct of American politics.
In recent years, the phrase “American exceptionalism,” at once  resonant and ambiguous, has stolen into popular usage in electoral  politics, in the mainstream media, and in academic writing with a  profligacy that is hard to account for. It sometimes seems that  exceptionalism for Americans means everything from generosity to  selfishness, localism to imperialism, indifference to “the opinions of  mankind” to a readiness to incorporate the folkways of every culture.  When President Obama told West Point graduates last May that “I believe in American  exceptionalism with every fiber of my being,” the context made it clear  that he meant the United States was the greatest country in the world:  our stature was demonstrated by our possession of “the finest fighting force that the world has ever known,” uniquely  tasked with defending liberty and peace globally; and yet we could not  allow ourselves to “flout international norms” or be a law unto  ourselves. The contradictory nature of these statements would have  satisfied even Tocqueville’s taste for paradox.
On the whole, is American exceptionalism a force for good? The question shouldn’t be hard to answer. To make an exception of yourself is as immoral a proceeding for a nation as it is for an individual. When we say of a person (usually someone who has gone off the rails), “He thinks the rules don’t apply to him,” we mean that he is a danger to others and perhaps to himself. People who act on such a belief don’t as a rule examine themselves deeply or write a history of the self to justify their understanding that they are unique. Very little effort is involved in their willfulness. Such exceptionalism, indeed, comes from an excess of will unaccompanied by awareness of the necessity for self-restraint.
Such people are monsters. Many land in asylums, more in prisons. But the category also encompasses a large number of high-functioning autistics: governors, generals, corporate heads, owners of professional sports teams. When you think about it, some of these people do write histories of themselves and in that pursuit, a few of them have kept up the vitality of an ancient genre: criminal autobiography .
All nations, by contrast, write their own histories as a matter of course. They preserve and exhibit a record of their doings; normally, of justified conduct, actions worthy of celebration. “Exceptional” nations, therefore, are compelled to engage in some fancy bookkeeping which exceptional individuals can avoid -- at least until they are put on trial or subjected to interrogation under oath. The exceptional nation will claim that it is not responsible for its exceptional character. Its nature was given by God , or History , or Destiny .
An external and semi-miraculous instrumentality is invoked to explain the prodigy whose essence defies mere scientific understanding. To support the belief in the nation’s exceptional character, synonyms and variants of the word “providence” often get slotted in.  That word gained its utility at the end of the seventeenth century -- the start of the epoch of nations formed in Europe by a supposed covenant or compact. Providence splits the difference between the accidents of fortune and purposeful design; it says that God is on your side without having the bad manners to pronounce His name.
Why is it immoral for a person to treat himself as an exception? The reason is plain: because morality, by definition, means a standard of right and wrong that applies to all persons without exception. Yet to answer so briefly may be to oversimplify. For at least three separate meanings are in play when it comes to exceptionalism, with a different apology backing each. The glamour that surrounds the idea owes something to confusion among these possible senses.
First, a nation is thought to be exceptional by its very nature. It is so consistently worthy that a unique goodness shines through all its works. Who would hesitate to admire the acts of such a country? What foreigner would not wish to belong to it? Once we are held captive by this picture, “my country right or wrong” becomes a proper sentiment and not a wild effusion of prejudice, because we cannot conceive of the nation being wrong.
A second meaning of exceptional may seem more open to rational scrutiny. Here, the nation is supposed to be admirable by reason of history and circumstance. It has demonstrated its exceptional quality by adherence to ideals which are peculiar to its original character and honorable as part of a greater human inheritance. Not “my country right or wrong” but “my country, good and getting better” seems to be the standard here . The promise of what the country could turn out to be supports this faith. Its moral and political virtue is perceived as a historical deposit with a rich residue in the present.
A third version of exceptionalism derives from our usual affectionate feelings about living in a community on the scale of a neighborhood or township, an ethnic group or religious sect. Communitarian nationalism takes the innocent-seeming step of generalizing that sentiment to the nation at large. My country is exceptional to me (according to this view) just because it is mine. Its familiar habits and customs have shaped the way I think and feel; nor do I have the slightest wish to extricate myself from its demands. The nation, then, is like a gigantic family, and we owe it what we owe to the members of our family: “ unconditional love .” This sounds like the common sense of ordinary feelings. How can our nation help being exceptional to us?
Teacher of the World
Athens was just such an exceptional nation, or city-state, as Pericles described it in his celebrated oration for the first fallen soldiers in the Peloponnesian War. He meant his description of Athens to carry both normative force and hortatory urgency. It is, he says, the greatest of Greek cities, and this quality is shown by its works, shining deeds, the structure of its government, and the character of its citizens, who are themselves creations of the city. At the same time, Pericles was saying to the widows and children of the war dead: Resemble them! Seek to deserve the name of Athenian as they have deserved it!
The oration, recounted by Thucydides in the History of the Peloponnesian War, begins by praising the ancestors of Athenian democracy who by their exertions have made the city exceptional. “They dwelt in the country without break in the succession from generation to generation, and handed it down free to the present time by their valor.” Yet we who are alive today, Pericles says, have added to that inheritance; and he goes on to praise the constitution of the city, which “does not copy the laws of neighboring states; we are rather a pattern to others than imitators ourselves.”
The foreshadowing here of American exceptionalism is uncanny and the anticipation of our own predicament continues as the speech proceeds. “In our enterprises we present the singular spectacle of daring and deliberation, each carried to its highest point, and both united in the same persons... As a city we are the school of Hellas” -- by which Pericles means that no representative citizen or soldier of another city could possibly be as resourceful as an Athenian. This city, alone among all the others, is greater than her reputation.
We Athenians, he adds, choose to risk our lives by perpetually carrying a difficult burden, rather than submitting to the will of another state. Our readiness to die for the city is the proof of our greatness. Turning to the surviving families of the dead, he admonishes and exalts them: “You must yourselves realize the power of Athens,” he tells the widows and children, “and feed your eyes upon her from day to day, till love of her fills your hearts; and then when all her greatness shall break upon you, you must reflect that it was by courage, sense of duty, and a keen feeling of honor in action that men were enabled to win all this.” So stirring are their deeds that the memory of their greatness is written in the hearts of men in faraway lands: “For heroes have the whole earth for their tomb.”
Athenian exceptionalism at its height, as the words of Pericles indicate, took deeds of war as proof of the worthiness of all that the city achieved apart from war. In this way, Athens was placed beyond comparison: nobody who knew it and knew other cities could fail to recognize its exceptional nature. This was not only a judgment inferred from evidence but an overwhelming sensation that carried conviction with it. The greatness of the city ought to be experienced, Pericles imagines, as a vision that “shall break upon you.”
Guilty Past, Innocent Future
To come closer to twenty-first-century America, consider how, in the Gettysburg Address , Abraham Lincoln gave an exceptional turn to an ambiguous past. Unlike Pericles, he was speaking in the midst of a civil war, not a war between rival states, and this partly explains the note of self-doubt that we may detect in Lincoln when we compare the two speeches. At Gettysburg, Lincoln said that a pledge by the country as a whole had been embodied in a single document, the Declaration of Independence. He took the Declaration as his touchstone, rather than the Constitution, for a reason he spoke of elsewhere: the latter document had been freighted with compromise. The Declaration of Independence uniquely laid down principles that might over time allow the idealism of the founders to be realized.
Athens, for Pericles, was what Athens always had been. The Union, for Lincoln, was what it had yet to become. He associated the greatness of past intentions -- “We hold these truths to be self-evident” -- with the resolve he hoped his listeners would carry out in the present moment: “It is [not for the noble dead but] rather for us to be here dedicated to the great task remaining before us -- that from these honored dead we take increased devotion to that cause for which they gave the last full measure of devotion -- that we here highly resolve that these dead shall not have died in vain -- that this nation, under God, shall have a new birth of freedom.”
This allegorical language needs translation. In the future, Lincoln is saying, there will be a popular government and a political society based on the principle of free labor. Before that can happen, however, slavery must be brought to an end by putting the country's resolution into practice. So Lincoln asks his listeners to love America for what it may become, not what it is. Their self-sacrifice on behalf of a possible future will serve as proof of the national greatness. He does not hide the stain of slavery that marred the Constitution; the imperfection of the founders is confessed between the lines.  But the logic of the speech implies, by a trick of grammar and perspective, that the Union was always pointed in the direction of the Civil War that would make it free.
Notice that Pericles’s argument for the exceptional city has here been reversed. The future is not guaranteed by the greatness of the past; rather, the tarnished virtue of the past will be scoured clean by the purity of the future.  Exceptional in its reliance on slavery, the state established by the first American Revolution is thus to be redeemed by the second. Through the sacrifice of nameless thousands, the nation will defeat slavery and justify its fame as the truly exceptional country its founders wished it to be.
Most Americans are moved (without quite knowing why) by the opening words of the Gettysburg Address: “Four score and seven years ago our fathers...” Four score and seven is a biblical marker of the life of one person, and the words ask us to wonder whether our nation, a radical experiment based on a radical “proposition,” can last longer than a single life-span. The effect is provocative. Yet the backbone of Lincoln’s argument would have stood out more clearly if the speech had instead begun: “Two years from now, perhaps three, our country will see a great transformation.” The truth is that the year of the birth of the nation had no logical relationship to the year of the “new birth of freedom.” An exceptional character, however, whether in history or story, demands an exceptional plot; so the speech commences with deliberately archaic language to ask its implicit question: Can we Americans survive today and become the school of modern democracy, much as Athens was the school of Hellas?
The Ties That Bind and Absolve
To believe that our nation has always been exceptional, as Pericles said Athens was, or that it will soon justify such a claim, as Lincoln suggested America would do, requires a suppression of ordinary skepticism. The belief itself calls for extraordinary arrogance or extraordinary hope in the believer. In our time, exceptionalism has been made less exacting by an appeal to national feeling based on the smallest and most vivid community that most people know: the family.  Governor Mario Cuomo of New York, in his keynote address at the 1984 Democratic convention, put this straightforwardly. America, said Cuomo, was like a family, and a good family never loses its concern for the least fortunate of its members. In 2011, President Obama, acceding to Republican calls for austerity that issued in the sequestration of government funds, told us that the national economy was just like a household budget and every family knows that it must pay its bills.
To take seriously the metaphor of the nation-as-family may lead to a sense of sentimental obligation or prudential worry on behalf of our fellow citizens. But many people think we should pursue the analogy further. If our nation does wrong, they say, we must treat it as an error and not a crime because, after all, we owe our nation unconditional love. Yet here the metaphor betrays our thinking into a false equation. A family has nested us, cradled us, nursed us from infancy, as we have perhaps done for later generations of the same family; and it has done so in a sense that is far more intimate than the sense in which a nation has fostered or nurtured us. We know our family with an individuated depth and authority that can’t be brought to our idea of a nation. This may be a difference of kind, or a difference of degree, but the difference is certainly great.
A subtle deception is involved in the analogy between nation and family; and an illicit transfer of feelings comes with the appeal to “unconditional love.” What do we mean by unconditional love, even at the level of the family? Suppose my delinquent child robs and beats an old man on a city street, and I learn of it by his own confession or by accident. What exactly do I owe him?
Unconditional love, in this setting, surely means that I can’t stop caring about my child; that I will regard his terrible action as an aberration. I will be bound to think about the act and actor quite differently from the way I would think about anyone else who committed such a crime. But does unconditional love also require that I make excuses for him? Shall I pay a lawyer to get him off the hook and back on the streets as soon as possible? Is it my duty to conceal what he has done, if there is a chance of keeping it secret? Must I never say what he did in the company of strangers or outside the family circle?
At a national level, the doctrine of exceptionalism as unconditional love encourages habits of suppression and euphemism that sink deep roots in the common culture. We have seen the result in America in the years since 2001. In the grip of this doctrine, torture has become “enhanced interrogation”; wars of aggression have become wars for democracy; a distant likely enemy has become an “ imminent threat ” whose very existence justifies an executive order to kill. These are permitted and officially sanctioned forms of collective dishonesty. They begin in quasi-familial piety, they pass through the systematic distortion of language, and they end in the corruption of consciousness. 
The commandment to “keep it in the family” is a symptom of that corruption. It follows that one must never speak critically of one’s country in the hearing of other nations or write against its policies in foreign newspapers. No matter how vicious and wrong the conduct of a member of the family may be, one must assume his good intentions. This ideology abets raw self-interest in justifying many actions by which the United States has revealingly made an exception of itself -- for example, our refusal to participate in the International Criminal Court. The community of nations, we declared, was not situated to understand the true extent of our constabulary responsibilities. American actions come under a different standard and we are the only qualified judges of our own cause.
The doctrine of the national family may be a less fertile source of belligerent pride than “my country right or wrong.” It may be less grandiose, too, than the exceptionalism that asks us to love our country for ideals that have never properly been translated into practice. And yet, in this appeal to the family, one finds the same renunciation of moral knowledge -- a renunciation that, if followed, would render inconceivable any social order beyond that of the family and its extension, the tribe.
Unconditional love of our country is the counterpart of unconditional detachment and even hostility toward other countries. None of us is an exception, and no nation is. The sooner we come to live with this truth as a mundane reality without exceptions, the more grateful other nations will be to live in a world that includes us, among others.
Follow TomDispatch on Twitter and join us on Facebook . Check out the newest Dispatch Book, Rebecca Solnit's Men Explain Things to Me , and Tom Engelhardt's just published book, Shadow Government: Surveillance, Secret Wars, and a Global Security State in a Single-Superpower World .
More:

Marketing To Kids: Parents  Corporations Must Share ResponsibilityThis week, Value Village made a bold statement. The retail thrift giant stopped selling sexualizing Halloween costumes for preschoolers in response to my blog and public outcry .
Value Village exemplified corporate social responsibility. They showed that they care about their customers' concerns and, more importantly, that they care about the effects of the sexualization of children. They also care about their reputation.
On Wednesday, Toys R Us pulled "Breaking Bad" action figures after Florida mom Susan Schrivjer launched a Change.org petition. The collectible dolls are based on TV characters Walter White, a teacher turned meth dealer, and his sidekick Jesse Pinkman. The figures come complete with cash and drugs.
Toys R Us originally defended the sale of the dolls, saying they are only available in the adult section of the store and are for ages 15 and up. But following Value Village's response, Toys R Us changed its tune and announced that the devious duo was taking an "indefinite sabbatical," using a famous line from the show.
Parents have a lot to say about these stories. Many feel that the costumes and toys are harmless and that the corporations have no responsibility to set standards for society. They say if we think these products are inappropriate, we should speak with our wallets and not use our words.
We all know parents are ultimately responsible for guiding their children to their moral compass. But parental responsibility and corporate social responsibility are not mutually exclusive.
"Parents recognize that they should be the ones to set the standards that their children live by, but in some things they need more support," Reg Bailey writes in Letting Children be Children , a UK government review that explores the sexualization and commercialization of childhood. "In particular, parents need businesses and others to work with them and not against them."
Buy or boycott, products marketed to kids have an impact
I'm not buying the "if you don't like it, don't buy it" argument. Images have an impact whether or not you allow them into your home. The more we normalize corseted costumes and Daisy Dukes, the more our girls will be attracted to them. I can tell my daughter that the "firefighter goes to the fetish club" costume is inappropriate, but when she sees a happy girl her age on the packaging, she's getting mixed messages.
Similarly, Schrivjer doesn't think parents should be forced to have conversations about grownup issues, like drugs, before they're ready. As she explained on her petition page:
"Parents and grandparents around the world shop at Toys R Us, online and in stories, with their children and should not be forced to explain why a certain toy comes with a bag of highly dangerous and illegal drugs or why someone who sells those drugs deserves to be made into an action figure."
Authors Diane Levin and Jean Kilbourne write the following message to parents in their book, So Sexy So Soon :
"It's not fair that your job is made so much harder than it needs to be by the sexualized media and commercial culture. Too often you, the parents, are told that the problem of sexualized childhood is your fault: If you were doing your job right and could just learn to say no, then there wouldn't be a problem. Casting blame on parents is a smoke screen that diverts attention from where the blame rightfully belongs -- squarely on the shoulders of the purveyors of these media and marketing messages, those who exploit our children's developmental vulnerabilities by using sex to make huge profits."
Organizations' values should guide business practices
Organizations need to take stock of what they're selling and make sure it aligns with their values. Value Village calls itself a family destination for Halloween and its first core value is to embrace ethics, which obviously does not include promoting the sexualization of children. Value Village's business model is built on purchasing and reselling used clothing from nonprofit organizations, many of which work for the welfare of children and none of which support child exploitation. In this case, stakeholder values must also be considered.
Toys R Us says "keeping kids safe" is a core value. "We approach our business operations with responsibility and integrity, understanding the trust parents place in us to do the right thing and act as a reliable partner as they navigate the various stages of parenthood," the company says on its website. Does this involve dealing crack toys?
"Toys R Us is well known around the world for their vast selection of toys for children of all ages," Schrivjer writes."However their decision to sell a Breaking Bad doll, complete with a detachable sack of cash and a bag of meth, alongside children's toys is a dangerous deviation from their family friendly values."
Companies and society should foster a safe space for voicing concerns
If companies would actually respond to customer queries, perhaps parents wouldn't have to start petitions or write blogs to garner public support. When you go public, you put yourself out there, and not everyone is comfortable doing that. Many remain silent.
In his report, Bailey writes: "Parents have told us that they feel they cannot make their voices heard, and that they often lack the confidence to speak out on sexualization and commercialization issues for fear of being labelled a prude or out of touch."
I've been receiving hate mail for poo-pooing on provocative costumes for preschoolers and have been called much worse than a prude. For her part, Schrivjer was the subject of two clever and cutting tweets from Bryan Cranston, the actor who played White.
"I'm so mad, I'm burning my Florida Mom action figure in protest," he tweeted. After the toys were removed, he wrote: "Word on the street is that they were sent to Belize. Nicely played Florida Mom."
But, in the end, Schrivjer's message prevailed: Stay out of my territory.
ALSO ON HUFFPOST:

Tata Motors to raise $750 mn through notes to service debt  fund capexTata Motors to raise $750 mn through notes to service debt, fund capex
BS Reporter | Mumbai Oct 25, 2014 12:44 AM IST
Tata Motors, India’s biggest automaker, is set to raise $750 million (Rs 4,600 crore) in what could be its second fund raising activity this year.
The Mumbai-based company will reportedly issue $750 million of senior unsecured notes, according to Bloomberg.
The $500-million 5.5-year issue is priced at 4.625 per cent while another $250-million issue is priced at 5.75 per cent for a 10-year period, stated the agency.
In May, the company’s wholly owned-subsidiary TML Holdings raised $300 million (about Rs 1,800 crore) through an issue of debt securities having fixed interest rate. Last year TML Holdings, which also owns Jaguar and Land Rover, raised $350 million through senior fixed notes.
When contacted the company did not comment.  Tata Motors intends to use a bulk of proceeds to refinance existing ECB debt with the balance to be used to fund capital expenditure plans and investment. Tata Motors would be spending about Rs 3,500-4000 crore on capital expenditure at the stand-alone level this year. Last year it spent Rs 3,094 crore on capex, design and development of products.
Jaguar Land Rover, the UK-based luxury brand, has announced a hike in capital expenditure plan this year to £3.5-3.7 billion from around £2.75 billion last year. This includes funding for the new China and Brazil plants, new power trains and technologies to meet regulatory requirements, capacity expansion at the existing UK facilities and also meeting new product development expenses.
“In the near term, funds are needed to support the Zest and Bolt launches as well as the inventory increase as overall activity picks up. We also expect further investment to be made in TMFL, which is integral to the marketing effort but which is experiencing a higher level of NPAs and lower margins resulting from the last two years of weak vehicle sales,” said a recent Moody’s report on Tata Motors which gave a Ba2 rating to the issue of notes with a stable outlook. The compact sedan Zest launched by the company in August met a lukewarm response from the market with just over 3,300 units sold in the first month (September) of the sale. Maruti Suzuki Dzire sold a little over 17,000 units and Honda Amaze clocked around 5,000 units in the same month.
The company had stated in September that it had got bookings for 10,000 units for the Zest. It is also simultaneously gearing up for the launch of the hatchback Bolt set for launch before March. The Bolt is built on the same platform as Zest and would be competing against the like of Hyundai Grand i10 and Maruti Celerio.
“The stable outlook reflects JLR's relative strength which continues to allow time for the core Indian business to recover and, despite the negative free cash flow overall, continues to support group credit metrics at an appropriate level for the Ba2 rating. However, FY2015 is a critical year as JLR's sales growth rate slows and execution risk rises both in terms of increased product development expenditure and the starting up of overseas manufacturing operations. At the same time, Tata's Indian operations need to regain some of their lost market share with success of new launches key to the passenger car business's long-term prospects,” stated the Moody’s report.

First Amendment vs. freedom of information lawBy Eugene Volokh October 24 Follow @volokhc
Sometimes the First Amendment guarantees access to public records (generally limited to court records). Often Freedom of Information Acts and Public Records Acts are seen as fulfilling broader First Amendment values, by facilitating speech about how the government operates. But in Thursday’s Roe v. Anderson (W.D. Wash. Oct. 23, 2014) , a federal district judge relied on the First Amendment to block a state public records request.
Washington law requires “erotic dancers” to get licenses, and the Washington Public Records Act apparently mandates the release of licenses generally, including these licenses. But the dancers, the district judge held, “have raised serious questions regarding whether” this violates their First Amendment rights, because revealing their names and other personal information can expose them to “harassment and threats to their physical safety.” (Compare Doe v. Reed (2010) , which applied First Amendment scrutiny to disclosure of the names of petition signers, though held that, given the government interests supporting such disclosure, the disclosure was indeed constitutional.) According to the Steve Maynard (Tacoma News Tribune) , the man who requested the names said “he was curious and he wants to pray for the strippers. ‘I would pray for those dancers by name,’ David Van Vleet said after the hearing. ‘I’m a Christian…. We have a right to pray for people.’”
I should note that this case might be relied on by analogy in Second Amendment cases, in situations where people try to use public records laws to get the names of registered gun owners, or of registered holders of gun carry licenses. (The Supreme Court said, in D.C. v. Heller (2008), that there is no constitutional right to concealed carry, but some courts — the Seventh and Ninth Circuit and the Illinois Supreme Court — have held that there is a constitutional right to some form of carry, and in some states a license is required for any sort of carrying.) It’s always uncertain, of course, how much courts will accept such analogies.
In any event, here are some excerpts from the opinion:
I. FINDINGS OF FACT …
10. Under PCC §§ 5.14.100 and 5.14.110, “managers” and “dancers” at an “erotic dance studio” are required to apply for and maintain managers and dancers licenses that are issued by the Auditor. Under PCC §§ 5.14.080 and 5.14.090, these licenses expire and are renewed on an annual basis.
11. Dancers at Dreamgirls at Fox’s identify themselves to patrons by a pseudonym commonly known as a “stage name”. The purpose of the stage name is to maintain the dancers’ privacy and to protect them from stalking, harassment, discrimination, public embarrassment, and violence when they are outside the club….
15. Defendants Anderson and Pierce County are subject to the requirements of the Washington Public Records Act, (hereinafter “PRA”) ….
16. The manager and dancer licenses issued and maintained by Defendant Anderson are “public records” as defined RCW §§ 42.17.020, subsections (36) and (42).
17. “Agencies” such as the Auditor’s Office and Defendant Pierce County are required by the PRA to disclose public records upon request to anyone making the request and disclosure of the records is mandatory. The only public records protected from disclosure are those specifically mentioned in a statutory exemption….
18…. “Agencies” are not permitted to inquire as to the purpose for which the record is sought.
19. The Court finds that there are no statutory exemptions in the PRA applicable to dancer and manager licenses issued and maintained pursuant to Chapter 5.14 of the Pierce County Code. The Auditor is required by the PRA to promptly disclose the licenses to anyone requesting them regardless of the requestor’s intended use once the licenses are obtained.
20. The Court finds that information contained on managers’ and dancers’ license, which includes the license holder’s true name and date of birth, can be used to obtain additional personal information about that that individual including their home address, telephone number and the names of their friends and family members. Much of this information is contained in public data bases that can be accessed via the Internet. Once the information contained on managers’ and dancers’ license is released to Defendant VanVleet, it could be used by him for any number of purposes and it could be widely disseminated to others who could use the information to harass and threaten individual mangers and dancers….
24. Plaintiffs Jane Roe 1, Jane Roe 2 and others similarly situated may discontinue their employment, may choose to work elsewhere, or may choose not to renew their licenses for fear of having their personal information disclosed….
27. On or September 22, 2014, the Pierce County Auditors Office sent written notice to all licensed managers and dancers at Dreamgirls at Fox’s informing them of Defendant Van Vleet’s public disclosure request and informing them that the documents sought by Van Vleet would disclosed to him unless a court order was obtained on or before October 17, 2014.
II. CONCLUSIONS OF LAW …
2. At all times material hereto, the Plaintiffs have been engaged and continue to be engaged in activities protected by the First Amendment to the United States Constitution.
3. Plaintiffs have raised serious questions regarding whether their First Amendment freedoms and their right to informational privacy would be violated by the disclosure of the requested records in their amended complaint.
4. Plaintiffs are likely to suffer irreparable injury unless a preliminary injunction is granted by the Court. Plaintiffs will suffer loss of their First Amendment rights and the fruits of the litigation will be irretrievably lost. Plaintiffs may suffer harassment and threats to their physical safety once their private information is disclosed.
5. The balance of the equities tip sharply in the Plaintiffs favor. Plaintiffs are faced with the loss of their First Amendment rights, deprivation of their right of privacy, and threats to their physical safety if their private information is disclosed. Defendants Anderson and Pierce County already have access to the information needed for maintaining the licensing scheme and will not be harmed if public disclosure is restrained pending trial on the merits. Defendant Van Vleet has no legitimate interest in the information sought by the public disclosure request and will not be harmed if public disclosure is restrained pending trial on the merits.
6. The Public has an interest in the protection of Plaintiffs’ First Amendment and privacy rights and the public interest is served by issuance of a preliminary injunction.
7. There is a likelihood of repetition unless a preliminary injunction is granted with respect to future similar requests.
ORDER …
Defendants Anderson and Pierce County are hereby enjoined from disclosing manager and dancer licenses, manager and dancer license applications, or any other personal identifying information of managers and dancers obtained pursuant to Chapter 5.14 of the Pierce County Code to Defendant David Allen Van Vleet or any member of the public pending final resolution of this matter in the District Court. The bond previously posted by the Plaintiffs shall remain the same.
Thanks to Aaron Caplan for the pointer.
Eugene Volokh teaches free speech law, religious freedom law, church-state relations law, a First Amendment Amicus Brief Clinic, and tort law, at UCLA School of Law, where he has also often taught copyright law, criminal law, and a seminar on firearms regulation policy.

India among the biggest growth drivers for E...You are here: Home > Collections > Ericsson
India among the biggest growth drivers for Ericsson
ET Bureau Oct 25, 2014, 11.49AM IST
Tags:
4G
(Since the end of last year,…)
KOLKATA: Sweden's Ericsson said India is among the biggest growth drivers with improved business activity as the world's largest mobile telecom gear maker posted third-quarter sales above expectations Friday.
The company's 9 per cent on-year sales growth at SEK 57.6 billion (Rs 48,354 crore approx) in the third quarter to September, 2014 was "mainly driven by Middle East, China, India and Russia and partly offset by lower sales in (its biggest market) North America," Hans Vestberg, President & CEO of Ericsson, said in a statement.
India sales zoomed a whopping 56 per cent year-on-year to SEK 2 billion (Rs 1678 crore approx), which is the highest growth clocked across all regions where Ericsson has operations for the second quarter in a row. India sales revenue sequentially grew by 22 per cent.
According to Vestberg, the sharp on-year revenue spurt is also a reflection of "improving investment climate in India".
Of the SEK 2 billion India sales revenue, SEK 1.1 billion revenue came from networks, SEK 0.7 billion from global services and 0.2 billion from support solutions in the third quarter.
Since the end of last year, India sales "has recovered, mainly driven by an increase in operator capex spending in response to greater data uptake," the company said, adding that "on-year growth was propelled by its operations support systems (OSS), business support systems (BSS) and TV & Media" verticals.
The OSS business comprises software applications that support a telco's back-office activities and maintain customer services while business support systems (BSS) are software apps that assist activities involving customer interface such as billing, customer relationship management to call centre automation.
Ericsson's leadership is closely tracking India's surging appetite for data, and is looking heavily to its young population to rake in the mega bucks. The company's India region head Chris Houghton had recently said that "India, with its very young population, is at the heart of the transformation that Ericsson plans to ring in through through mobility".
Growing data uptake also comes at a time when India's top three mobile operators, including Bharti Airtel , Vodafone India and Idea Cellular are known to be cherry-picking lucrative data subscribers in anticipation of fierce competition for Mukesh Ambani's Reliance Jio Infocomm once it launches 4G services next year.
Ericsson's optimism about India's improving investment climate is also in step with its sunny forecast on the country's mobile subscriber base, which it said is likely to swell from 800 million in 2013 to 1.2 billion subscribers by 2020. The company also expects smartphone penetration to grow from 10 per cent to 45 per cent during this period.
The latest India sales growth numbers also come at a time when the Swedish mobile networks gearmaker is betting big on the country's Digital India initiative that aims to deliver government services to the common man primarily through mobile phone applications.
"We believe mobile broadband will be the platform on which the Digital India vision can be delivered as it has the potential to help bring about inclusive growth in the country by extending education, healthcare and financial inclusion to rural areas and lower income groups," Houghton had recently said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

EC announces 5-phase polls for J-K and Jharkhand  counting on December 23Assembly elections in Jammu and Kashmir and Jharkhand will be held in five phases between November 25 and December 20, it was announced on Saturday. Votes will be counted on December 23.
 
Jharkhand and Jammu and Kashmir will vote on November 25, December 2, December 9, December 14 and December 20, Chief Election Commissioner VS Sampath said at a press conference in New Delhi. By-elections to three Delhi assembly constituencies--which fell vacant after BJP legislators got elected to Lok Sabha--would also be held on November 25.
 
The BJP has high stakes in these polls: it hopes to form a majority government in Jharkhand, emerge as a strong player in J-K and retain all three assembly seats of Delhi that would keep the hope of government formation in the national capital alive.    
 
The Congress is hard pressed to retain Jharkhand and J-K after losing Maharashtra and Haryana to the Narendra Modi-led BJP. Its alliance with the National Conference (NC) in J-K broke up ahead of the elections and there is no clarity on whether it will go along with the Jharkhand Mukti Morcha (JMM) in the tribal state. Losses in J-K and Jharkhand would mean further marginalisation for India's grand old party, barely months after it was reduced to just 44 seats in the Lok Sabha.
 
Flood-hit Jammu and Kashmir
 
The ruling NC heads into the polls reluctantly, having asked for a deferment owing to floods that devastated the state.
 
The opposition Peoples Democratic Party would believe time is ripe to oust the NC. The BJP too would rate its chances bright, particularly after a strong showing in the parliamentary polls.
 
The PDP and the BJP won three Lok Sabha seats each, blanking out the NC and the Congress.
 
The BJP would be hopeful of a better performance in Jammu and Buddhist-dominated Ladakh, but the Valley must be a priority to achieve the majority mark of 44 in the 87-member assembly.
 
Hobbled by the floods, the NC would also face heat over street agitations, killing of youth, unemployment and even charges of corruption in the state's cricket association as the elections approach.
Read: After floods, J-K to brave cold for polls
 
The hanging of Parliament attack convict Afzal Guru too is expected to cast an emotive shadow on the elections.
 
Turbulent Jharkhand
 
The JMM-led alliance with the Congress and the Rashtriya Janata Dal has been in power for the last one-and-a-half years in Jharkhand, where the BJP must be fancying its chances of regaining power.
 
The BJP has not projected a 'face' in Jharkhand, but it has indicated a non-tribal may become the chief minister if party gets the majority. Every CM in the state has been a tribal.
 
In parliamentary polls earlier this year, the BJP won 12 out of the state's 14 seats. Modi had addressed nine rallies in Jharkhand ahead of the national elections and the state party unit, which has tasted power intermittently, would be hoping for an encore.
 
The BJP's performance in the Lok Sabha elections, computed across the state's 81 assembly seats, shows an impressive lead in 56 (70%) out of 81 seats with second position in 23 seats. Only in the remaining two seats, the party stands third. The majority mark is 41.
 
After 2004 and 2009, this will be the third assembly elections in Jharkhand, which has thrown up fractured mandates and seen political instability under coalition rules since its creation in 2000. No party has ever got a majority in the tribal state that has seen nine different governments and President's rule on three occasions.

EC announces 5-phase election in Jharkhand  JKOct 25, 2014, 04.51 PM IST  | Source: IBNLive.com
EC announces 5-phase election in Jharkhand, J&K
The elections in these states are keenly awaited by the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) which got a thumping victory in Maharashtra and Haryana Assembly elections.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
EC announces 5-phase election in Jharkhand, J&K
The elections in these states are keenly awaited by the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) which got a thumping victory in Maharashtra and Haryana Assembly elections.
Post your opinion here
 
The Election Commission will announce the dates for Jharkhand and Jammu and Kashmir Assembly elections on Saturday.
Assembly elections in two sates - Jharkhand and Jammu and Kashmir - are scheduled to be held in 2014.
The elections in these states are keenly awaited by the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) which got a thumping victory in Maharashtra and Haryana Assembly elections.
The Jharkhand Mukti Morcha (JMM) is ruling Jharkhand with the Congress. The legislative assembly comprises 81 members. The last assembly election was held in December 2009.
The legislative assembly of Jammu and Kashmir comprises 87 members. The last assembly elections were held in 2008. Presently, the state is being run by a National Conference-Congress alliance.
RELATED NEWS

Schedule for J&K  Jharkhand Assembly polls 2014Schedule for J&K, Jharkhand Assembly polls 2014
IBNLive.com | Oct 26, 2014 at  09:24am IST
New Delhi: The Election Commission of India on Saturday announced the dates for the elections of the Jammu and Kashmir Legislative Assembly and Jharkhand Legislative Assembly.
The 5-phased assembly election in both the poll bound states will take place as follow:
The Election Commission of India announced the dates for the elections of the J&K Legislative Assembly and Jharkhand Legislative Assembly.
Jharkhand Assembly Constituencies going to polls in Phase-I on November 25:
ASSEMBLY CONSTITUENCY NO.    -    ASSEMBLY CONSTITUENCY NAME
27    -    CHATRA (SC)

Modi a great salesman  repackaging  selling schemes introduced by UPA: Chidambaram41
0
New Delhi: Former Finance Minister and Congress leader P Chidambaram has warned the Narendra Modi government that the party will play the part of robust opposition from now on. Speaking to CNBC-TV18's Managing Editor Sheeren Bhan, Chidambaram said that Prime Minister Narendra Modi is a great salesman for repackaging and selling schemes originally introduced by the UPA.
Here is an excerpt from the interview:
CNBC TV-18: The role of the Congress as the opposition. We do not know whether Congress will be the Leader of the Opposition or not.
P Chidambaram: It is rather churlish on their part not to give the Leader of Opposition.
CNBC TV-18: Let them answer.
P Chidambaram: No. I want to make that statement for the viewers.
CNBC TV-18: The fact of the matter is we do not hear from the Congress party, we do not see the Congress party.
P Chidambaram: As far as the Congress party is concerned, I think they observed restraint, usual courtsey of the first hundred days. I think they should have spoken up after the first 100 days. I do not think this restraint that we have observed will continue forever. I think the Congress party will speak up and the party will play the role of a robust opposition.
CNBC TV-18: Uou said that, as far as the black money probe is concerned the Congress party will not be embarassed, there may be a certain individual within the party.
P Chidambaram: I do not know if anyone's name is there.
CNBC TV-18: It sounded like you knew and it sounded like an admission that there was a Cabinet minister.
P Chidambaram: Did I speak in Swahili? I said very clearly I did not ask to see or was I shown the list. I do not know whose name is on it. We were told that there is a Congress person on the list, so I said that the specific person will be embarassed, why will the party be embarrased?
CNBC TV-18: So you do not know if there is any minister on that list?
P Chidambaram: Let me repeat again. I was not shown or I didn't ask to see the list.
CNBC TV-18: Again, let me ask you this, has the Congress failed to sell and market it's ideas. Look at what the PM is doing, whether it is at Red Fort or Madison Square garden, the direction and the messaging is consistent - red tape versus rep carpet.
P Chidambaram: Why don't you add 3 A's, 4 C's . I'm not denying the fact that PM Modi is a great salesman, question is what is he selling, what are the policy packages he is selling. I think it's too soon to pass judgement and even now I will say that we need to give them time.
1038

Live: EC announces 5-phase election in Jharkhand  J&K; counting on December 234
0
New Delhi: 4.30 pm: The Election Commission of India announces dates of assembly elections in states of Jammu & Kashmir and Jharkhand.
4.34 pm: The election for both the states to take place in 5 phases: November 25, December 2, December 9, December 14 and December 20. The counting in both poll-bound states is scheduled for December 23.
4.38 pm: Model code of conduct has come into force with immediate effect in both the states: EC.
The Election Commission has announced a five-phase poll in the two states beginning on November 25 and ending on December 20.
The Election Commission will announce the dates for Jharkhand and Jammu and Kashmir Assembly elections on Saturday.
Assembly elections in two sates - Jharkhand and Jammu and Kashmir - are scheduled to be held in 2014.
The elections in these states are keenly awaited by the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) which got a thumping victory in Maharashtra and Haryana Assembly elections.
The Jharkhand Mukti Morcha (JMM) is ruling Jharkhand with the Congress. The legislative assembly comprises 81 members. The last assembly election was held in December 2009.
The legislative assembly of Jammu and Kashmir comprises 87 members. The last assembly elections were held in 2008. Presently, the state is being run by a National Conference-Congress alliance.
5

President Obama hugs the Ebola-free nurse on her releasePresident Obama hugs the Ebola-free nurse on her release
RSS article row: Writer Gopalakrishnan claims he was misquotedRSS article row: Writer Gopalakrishnan claims he was misquoted
Happy New Year posts highest collections ever  beats Dhoom 3Happy New Year posts highest collections ever  beats Dhoom 3
Festive season fails to enthuse realty market: JLLFestive season fails to enthuse realty market: JLL
V Rishi Kumar
Tweet
Hyderabad, Oct 24:  
The real estate market was not able to fully harness the benefits of market recovery, according to a top executive of global consultancy company Jones Lang Lasalle.
While the Indian real estate market is definitely in recovery mode again, it is evident that the festive season was not able to harness the market recovery. He further stated that the current market recovery will become visible over the next 12 months.
This is because the events that have catalysed the recovery such as the new government at the Centre, its pro-business policies, the encouraging Union Budget and the provisions it has announced favouring real estate, will need more time to bring their benefits to bear on the market, according to Anuj Puri, Chairman and Country Head, JLL India.
With the RBI holding on to current interest rates in favour of safeguarding against further inflationary trends, it will take several more months for the market to get into convincing forward momentum again, so the festive season did not bring the kind of momentum that was hoped for.
According to Puri, while demand exists, it is still held in abeyance due to various economic factors, including the natural lag between the announcement and implementation of Government policy catalysts.
Reduced pricing
Reduced pricing could potentially induce some further sales momentum in certain pockets, but it is not likely to happen as developers are not keen on signalling a correction, especially when demand is waiting in the wings. New projects are in any case being announced at lower rates.
Prior to the general elections, developers had launched many projects to gain a competitive advantage, and in anticipation of a recovery in market conditions after the polls.
However, the launches did not really pick up post elections, as residential property buyers continued to remain cautious. This is actually positive, because in a healthy market environment, supply needs to take its cues from on-ground demand.
Sales during this festive season have remained uninspiring despite attractive pricing schemes and discounts that developers have been offering to attract buyers. He, however, felt that the current scenario is no way indicative of what lies ahead for the real estate market, for which the outlook remains very much positive.
(This article was published on October 24, 2014)
Related

Government Invites Bids for Agency to Conduct E-Auction of SpectrumIndian Realty Market Sees $4.5 Billion Investment During January-September: CBRE
New Delhi: The Department of Telecom (DoT) has invited bids to select an agency to conduct e-auction of spectrum in various bands of telecom airwaves.
DoT has issued a notice for request of proposal for the selection of an agency to conduct e-auction of spectrum on simultaneous multiple-round ascending auction (SMRA) pattern in the 22 telecom service areas (TSAs).
The technical and financial bids of the interested parties should reach the department by November 11, 2014. DoT will shortly issue the guidelines for spectrum auction in 700 MHz, 800 MHz, 900 MHz, 1800 MHz, 2100 MHz, 2300 MHz and 2500 MHz bands shortly.
Interested parties also have to provide an earnest money deposit (EMD) of Rs 10 lakh along with their proposal.
On the auctioneer's fee, DoT said, "Bidders have to quote per service area price (single quote and payable per band, separately) for holding a successful auction."
The amount payable to the auctioneer on completion of a particular auction would be arrived at after multiplying the rate per service area with number of total service areas (counted separately for all bands) in which auction is successful, it added.
For more clarification on the bids for conducting the e-auction, DoT will hold a pre-bid conference with interested parties on October 27, 2014.
The telecom department is working on modalities for next round of spectrum auction for which it needs to appoint an agency that will design software and operate whole auction process which is conducted online.
DoT selects auctioneer through tender process. Earlier auctions had provision of paying fixed fee of Rs 5 crore along with variable fee quoted by the auctioneer.
The 3G and BWA auctions in 2010, which jointly fetched government about Rs 1 lakh crore, were conducted by N M Rothschild & Sons. DoT shortlisted the Times Internet Ltd-led consortium for auctions in 2012 which was mainly operated by Ahmedabad based firm e-Procurement Technologies.
The Times Internet-led consortium did not demand any variable fee and worked only for a fixed fee of Rs 5 crore.
The consortium operated the November 2012 auction which fetched bids of about Rs 9,100 crore; March 2013 auction fetched about Rs 3,600 crore, and February 2014 auctions fetched about Rs 62,162 crore.
November 2012 auction saw price increase from reserve rates only in Bihar service area, while in rest of the 21 circles, spectrum was purchased at base price only.
In March, all spectrum was purchased at reserve price as there was only one bidder - Sistema Shyam Teleservices. Auction conducted in February 2014 saw huge rise in value of telecom radiowaves. Companies purchased spectrum at premium of about 100 per cent in some service areas.
Story first published on: October 24, 2014 15:59 (IST)

Entering a phase in which India will stand out: Sunil SinghaniaCIO
("We definitely look in the…)
In a chat with ET Now, Sunil Singhania, CIO Equity, Reliance Mutual Fund, shares his views on economy, his expectations and more. Excerpts:
ET Now: Politics was a theme that dominated your recent note. From what we are reading right now, you have talked about the principles that the Modi government follows under the leadership of Narendra Modi. What is your driving principle as you approach your strategy with the markets?
Sunil Singhania: One thing is very clear that not only in India but everywhere in the world, politics does play a big role and it is not about the markets but it is definitely about the economy. Anything specifically in a country like India which has so much potential and somewhere that potential has not been exploited to the fullest because of whatever we have gone through in terms of policy action; it becomes all the more relevant. That is the reason why most of the market investors would be looking at politics much more closely than they would say in the past.
ET Now: Do you think that from this year to the next, India is pretty much on track to get rerated because we have seen a part of the rally already play out and this has been a great Diwali. I am sure everybody is celebrating with a lot of gusto given the energy and enthusiasm there is overall. So do you think that is just going to build on over the next 12 months?
Sunil Singhania: Definitely, from our perspective with a little bit of luck which also is shining on India given that we have recovered as far as rainfall is concerned and with the way oil prices and commodity prices are falling, we do have luck. We are entering into a phase which is making India stand out. I have repeated it earlier also in various forums that last four-five years, India was the reverse of the world. So in the world we had prices falling, inflation falling, interest rates falling and India was among the very very few countries where interest rates and inflation was rising. Now if you see, the last 10-15 days of volatility in the world was largely because of concerns that growth is slowing down, interest rates are rising.
India on the contrary we have wholesale price index fallen to 2.5 per cent. I do not remember in the near past when that has happened. So in India we are seeing a big sort of standing out as far as macro economic factors are concerned and on the policy front itself you have diesel prices which have been deregulated, you have gas prices which was long overdue as far as increase is concerned and the biggest thing is the direct subsidy transfer or the direct benefit transfer that can revolutionise a lot of things. As you move forward, there are talks about lot of things happening on the coal front, on the power front, the railways front, the defence front and on GST front. So we definitely look in the near future as well as medium term with lot of optimism as far as policy decisions are concerned.
ET Now: So the note that we read which is essentially what you guys are reading and among the other things that came out I will quote, one of the points is "break your final target into a set of smaller target and milestones". I believe this is something that you have written now or is something that you are reading. So now let us put this in context with how you relate to things generally and with regards to market I leave the option to you as to how do you want to choose. What is the milestone over the next 12 months, say for the markets or on the personal front and how are you breaking into smaller targets?
Sunil Singhania: Very clearly as you rightly said, you do have a longer term sort of thought process and long term visions as far as the market is concerned. But obviously you will have to break it up into smaller targets.
 

IAF asks personnel to shun Xiaomi phones  cites spying concernsIAF asks personnel to shun Xiaomi phones, cites spying concerns
PTI  New Delhi, October 25, 2014
First Published: 10:22 IST(25/10/2014) | Last Updated: 14:06 IST(25/10/2014)
Comments
IAF personnel and their families have been asked not to use Chinese 'Xiaomi Redmi 1s' phones on the ground that data was allegedly transferred to their servers in China and it could be a security risk, a charge denied by the company.
"F-secure, a leading security solution company, recently carried out a test of Xiaomi Redmi 1s, the company's budget smartphone, and found that the phone was forwarding carrier name, phone number, IMEI (the device identifier) plus numbers from address book and text messages back to Beijing," says an advisory issued by the IAF to its personnel.
The note, issued some weeks ago, has been prepared by the intelligence unit based on the inputs from Indian Computer Emergency Response Team (CERT-In), according to IAF sources.
The company in a statement to PTI said though it does not have full information about the IAF circular, it believes that the advisory is based on events about two months ago.
"We believe, it refers to the F-Secure test done on the Redmi 1S in July 2014 about the activation of our Cloud Messaging service by default. We immediately addressed the concerns raised by F-Secure. We scheduled an OTA system update on August 10 to implement a change, which ensured that all the users had to manually activate the Cloud services, instead of being activated by default. After the upgrade, new users or users who factory reset their devices can enable the service by 'settings' section. Once users have activated the services, they also have an option to turn it off at any point of time," the company said.
It added that this change was directly acknowledged by F-Secure four days later, when they confirmed that their concerns were addressed.
However, the circular is dated post the event and mentions other details besides the concerns raised by F-Secure.
The company said it does not collect any information without user information.
In a general statement two days ago, the company had said it was fully committed to storing its users' data securely at all times. Xiaomi said it is migrating some data on non-Chinese customers away from its servers in Beijing due to performance and privacy considerations.
It said that earlier this year, its e-commerce engineering teams started migrating its global e-commerce platforms and user data for all international users from their Beijing data centres to Amazon AWS data centres in California (USA) and Singapore.
This migration process will be completed by the end of October and will benefit users in all of our international markets - Hong Kong, India, Indonesia, Malaysia, Philippines, Singapore, and Taiwan, it said.
Incidentally, the Taiwanese government is investigating whether Xiaomi Inc is a cyber security threat due to privacy issues.

Kerala Congress shoots back at RSS for article attacking NehruKerala Cong shoots back at RSS for article on Nehru
PTI  Thiruvananthapuram, October 25, 2014
First Published: 13:25 IST(25/10/2014) | Last Updated: 18:23 IST(25/10/2014)
Congress in Kerala has expressed strong resentment against an article carried by RSS journal 'Kesari' allegedly running down India's first prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru.
Advertisement
On getting a complaint seeking action from KPCC general secretary Sooranad Rajasekharan, state home minister Ramesh Chennithala has asked DGP KS Balasubraniam to examine the issue and take action, if necessary.
The article by BJP state committee member B Gopalakrishnan said "actually Nehru was responsible for the partition of the country and other tragedies including Gandhi's assassination."
The write-up also said Nehru was a "selfish" leader who concealed important facts from Gandhi on the partition and eventually kept him away from the final round of discussions.
The article even reportedly said that Naturam Godse who assassinated Mahatma Gandhi chose the wrong target, in an implied reference to Nehru.
The editor of the weekly, however, stood by the article and stoutly refuted Congress' allegations.
Taking strong exception to the article, KPCC president V M Sudheeran said this was yet another attempt of the sangh parivar to distort history and denigrate Nehru.
Reacting to the charges, editor of Kesari N R Madhu said this was a sheer distortion of facts by the Congress leaders with political motives.
"This is not for the first time we are criticising Nehru's policies and approaches to vital issues including the partition. But nowhere the article has even remotely suggested that Nehru should have been physically targeted," Madhu told PTI.
He said this was a ploy by the Congress leaders to show that they were more vehement in opposing the RSS and the BJP than the CPI-M.
"The CPI-M has been accusing the Congress of being soft towards the RSS after the Oommen Chandy government decided to go in for a CBI inquiry into the murder of the Sangh activist Elamthottathil Manoj at Kathirur in Kannur district.
Now, the Congress wants to blunt this criticism by seizing and distorting facts," Madhu claimed.

Chai pe no charcha: Modi s first press event as PMComments
Narendra Modi may have had a prickly relationship with the media but five months into office, the Prime Minister Saturday reached out to journalists, shaking hands and posing for selfies with them.
Often accused of keeping non-state media at bay, the PM met more than 150 journalists at a Diwali Milan, or a Diwali meet, at the BJP headquarters, pledging to meet the press more often.
“I am looking for ways to strengthen my relationship with you and... I will try to find time to meet you more often,” he said.
A relaxed Modi, who prefers Facebook and Twitter to communicate with people, arrived around noon, wearing a light pink kurta and a matching jacket.
The ice-breaker in his eight-minute speech came when he recalled his relationship with the Delhi press corps. “I used to once even arrange chairs, waiting for you (at the BJP headquarters). Those days were different.”
Narendra Modi at a media interaction, his first after taking over as the Prime Minister, in New Delhi on Saturday. (PTI Photo)
Modi spent nearly six years at the party’s 11, Ashoka Road office in the power district of the Capital when he was the organisational secretary before being named the Gujarat chief minister in 2001.
“There are many things you are not able to write but much information comes out during interactions,” he said, adding he was exploring ways to renew his engagement with the press.
He thanked the media for spreading awareness about the Swachh Bharat -- Clean India — campaign that he launched on October 2. “The prime minister cannot pick up the broom alone… You have turned your pen into a broom, and I think this is a huge service.”
Modi didn’t field any questions but readily posed for selfies and signed autographs for journalists who jostled with each other to greet him as he walked down the dais to meet them.
Seeing a journalist struggle with the cellphone, the PM said, “People in electronic media can’t even take a selfie.” As he made his exit after 40 minutes, journalists were back at work -– recapping every detail of their meeting for audience as well as their readers.

Gadkari meets RSS chief  says no politics discussedBMW's new M4 India review
The renowned M3 badge may be alive and kicking to refer to the ‘M’ version of the latest generation of BMW’s 3-series sedan but for all intents and purposes, it is this car – the new M4 – which is the real successor to the legendary BMW M3 Coupé.
It turns out Kawasaki’s big bike portfolio is steadily evolving at a welcome pace in India, with each successive motorcycle pretty much at the top of its game, even in terms of the crucial affordability factor.
other stories

Tharoor dares Congress  joins Clean India campaignBMW's new M4 India review
The renowned M3 badge may be alive and kicking to refer to the ‘M’ version of the latest generation of BMW’s 3-series sedan but for all intents and purposes, it is this car – the new M4 – which is the real successor to the legendary BMW M3 Coupé.
It turns out Kawasaki’s big bike portfolio is steadily evolving at a welcome pace in India, with each successive motorcycle pretty much at the top of its game, even in terms of the crucial affordability factor.
other stories

Funds for Swach Bharat Kosh fall under CSR ambitFunds for Swach Bharat Kosh fall under CSR ambit
5-phase elections in Jharkhand  J-K from Nov 25 to Dec 20; counting on December 23Assembly elections in Jammu and Kashmir and Jharkhand will be held in five phases between November 25 and December 20, it was announced on Saturday. Votes will be counted on December 23.
 
Jharkhand and Jammu and Kashmir will vote on November 25, December 2, December 9, December 14 and December 20, Chief Election Commissioner VS Sampath said at a press conference in New Delhi. By-elections to three Delhi assembly constituencies--which fell vacant after BJP legislators got elected to Lok Sabha--would also be held on November 25.
 
The BJP has high stakes in these polls: it hopes to form a majority government in Jharkhand, emerge as a strong player in J-K and retain all three assembly seats of Delhi that would keep the hope of government formation in the national capital alive.    
 
The Congress is hard pressed to retain Jharkhand and J-K after losing Maharashtra and Haryana to the Narendra Modi-led BJP. Its alliance with the National Conference (NC) in J-K broke up ahead of the elections and there is no clarity on whether it will go along with the Jharkhand Mukti Morcha (JMM) in the tribal state. Losses in J-K and Jharkhand would mean further marginalisation for India's grand old party, barely months after it was reduced to just 44 seats in the Lok Sabha.
 
Flood-hit Jammu and Kashmir
 
The ruling NC heads into the polls reluctantly, having asked for a deferment owing to floods that devastated the state.
 
The opposition Peoples Democratic Party would believe time is ripe to oust the NC. The BJP too would rate its chances bright, particularly after a strong showing in the parliamentary polls.
 
The PDP and the BJP won three Lok Sabha seats each, blanking out the NC and the Congress.
 
The BJP would be hopeful of a better performance in Jammu and Buddhist-dominated Ladakh, but the Valley must be a priority to achieve the majority mark of 44 in the 87-member assembly.
 
Hobbled by the floods, the NC would also face heat over street agitations, killing of youth, unemployment and even charges of corruption in the state's cricket association as the elections approach.
Read: After floods, J-K to brave cold for polls
 
The hanging of Parliament attack convict Afzal Guru too is expected to cast an emotive shadow on the elections.
 
Turbulent Jharkhand
 
The JMM-led alliance with the Congress and the Rashtriya Janata Dal has been in power for the last one-and-a-half years in Jharkhand, where the BJP must be fancying its chances of regaining power.
 
The BJP has not projected a 'face' in Jharkhand, but it has indicated a non-tribal may become the chief minister if party gets the majority. Every CM in the state has been a tribal.
 
In parliamentary polls earlier this year, the BJP won 12 out of the state's 14 seats. Modi had addressed nine rallies in Jharkhand ahead of the national elections and the state party unit, which has tasted power intermittently, would be hoping for an encore.
 
The BJP's performance in the Lok Sabha elections, computed across the state's 81 assembly seats, shows an impressive lead in 56 (70%) out of 81 seats with second position in 23 seats. Only in the remaining two seats, the party stands third. The majority mark is 41.
 
After 2004 and 2009, this will be the third assembly elections in Jharkhand, which has thrown up fractured mandates and seen political instability under coalition rules since its creation in 2000. No party has ever got a majority in the tribal state that has seen nine different governments and President's rule on three occasions.

Cong slams BJP over controversial piece  asks Modi to clarifyCong slams BJP over controversial piece  asks Modi to clarify
Preventive health care should be given importance: ModiPreventive health care should be given importance: Modi
Happy New Year earns Rs 44.97 cr  beats Dhoom 3Happy New Year earns Rs 44.97 cr  beats Dhoom 3
Putin in hurry to invade Ukraine over rumoured cancer fearsPutin in hurry to invade Ukraine over rumoured cancer fears
Live: PM Narendra Modi takes a guided tour of Sir HN Reliance Foundation Hospital4
1
Mumbai: Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Saturday inaugurated the Sir HN Reliance Foundation Hospital by unveiling a digital plaque in Mumbai. The hospital originally built in year 1925 has been restored by the Reliance Foundation.
6:10 PM: PM Narendra Modi takes a guided tour of Sir HN Reliance Foundation Hospital
6:09 PM: High Profile guests include sportsmen like Sachin Tendulkar, Sunil Gavaskar. Media Person like Raghav Bahl, Arnab Gowasami. Film Stars like Aamir Khan, Hritik Roshan, Rishi Kapoor among others.
Built in 1925, Sir HN Reliance Foundation Hospital is now a swanky 19 floor structure in the heart of South Mumbai.
6:08 PM: Mukesh Ambani lauds PM Modi's US visit.
6:05 PM Mukesh Ambani appreciates presence of Prime Minister Modi and Governor of Maharashtra at the event.
6:00 PM: Mukesh Ambani addresses the inaugural function of Sir HN Reliance Foundation Hospital
5:58 PM: Kokilaben presents memento to PM Narendra Modi at the inaugural function of Sir HN Reliance Foundation Hospital.
5:55 PM: PM Modi ends his address at the inaugural function of Sir HN Reliance Foundation Hospital.
5:54 PM: The journey from Health insurance to health assurance is long and has to be achieved: PM
5:53 PM: I do not say no governments did anything. All governments did work. Our efforts are to take India ahead and we have to work together: PM
5:52 PM: Health should be the one point agenda of all political parties: PM Modi
5:52 PM: PM Modi hails ISRO scientists for Mangalyaan mission.
5:50 PM: PM Narendra Modi talks about medical practices in Indian ancient history.
5:45 PM: PM Narendra Modi talks about clean drinking water and its importance.
5:43 PM: Preventive healthcare is important. The consciousness and facilities that are required for that can be improved: PM Modi
5:40 PM: Poor face immense difficulties. If a poor person falls ill the entire family can starve: PM Modi
5:34 PM: A very old hospital has got a new life today. In a way it is a new beginning for the hospital, says Prime Minister Modi.
5:31 PM: MP Paresh Rawal invites PM Narendra Modi to speak at the inaugural function of Sir HN Reliance Foundation Hospital.
5:21 PM: Prime Minister Narendra Modi inaugurates Sir HN Reliance Foundation Hospital.
5:20 PM: Paresh Rawal invites PM Modi to digitally inaugurate HN Reliance Hospital.
5:19 PM: Nita Ambani says that only a healthy nation can be prosperous.
5:14 PM: Nita Ambani says 50 doctors of India origin across the world have joined the hospital.
5:13 PM: Nita Ambani says, "Good health is a fundamental right. It is non-negotiable. everyone deserves to live life to the fullest."
5:12 PM: Nita Ambani thanks PM Modi for the initiatives taken by him and says, "Each of PM Modi's initiatives have a connect to healthcare."
5:11 PM: Nita Ambani says, "HN Hospital will treat each patient as equals."
5:09 PM: Nita Amabni says, "We re-dedicate Sir HN Reliance Foundation Hospital to the people of Mumbai."
5:08 PM: Nita Ambani addresses the event.
5:06 PM: Nita Ambani gives floral welcome to PM Narendra Modi nad Maharashtra Governor Vidyasagar Rao
4:59 PM: Prime Minister arrives for inauguration ceremony of Sir HN Reliance Foundation Hospital. Maharashtra Governor Vidyasagar Rao also arrives at the venue.
4:58 PM: Mumbai's first general hospital was built in 1925.
4:52 PM: The building has been restored keeping its old charm intact.
4:40 PM: MP Paresh Rawal praises Reliance Foundation chairperson Nita Ambani for her hardwork and being the backbone in the renovation of the hospital.
4:36 PM: MP Paresh rawal addresses inauguration ceremony of Sir HN Reliance Foundation Hospital.
4:32 PM: Prominent surgeon Dr Gustad Daver is appointed as Hospital's Medical Director.
4:27 PM: The Reliance Foundation is run by Mukesh Ambani-led Reliance Industries.
4:27 PM: Mahatma Gandhi was one of the frequent visitors to the hospital.
4:25 PM: General wards to have the same level of treatment as any other ward.
4:22 PM: For the first time, the hospital has a collaboration with America's most renowned institutes like Johns Hopkins, MD Anderson Cancer Centre, Massachusetts General Hospital and University of Southern California.
4:20 PM: Cricket legend Sachin Tendulkar along with his wife Anjali Tendulkar attend the event.
4:16 PM: Amitabh Bachchan and Aishwarya Rai Bachchan along with other members of the Indian film fraternity arrive at the function.
3:43 PM: Prime Minister Narendra Modi will inaugurate the hospital.
3:40 PM: The inauguration ceremony will begin at 4 PM.
3:35 PM: Guests have started arriving for the inauguration of Sir HN Reliance Foundation Hospital in Mumbai
Mumbai: After undergoing major renovation and expansion by the Reliance Foundation, Mumbai's first general hospital is all set to be inaugurated on Saturday by Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
Built in 1925, Sir HN Reliance Foundation Hospital is now a swanky 19 floor structure in the heart of South Mumbai. The hospital is furnished with state-of-the-art operation theatres.
For the first time, the hospital has a collaboration with America's most renowned institutes like Johns Hopkins, MD Anderson Cancer Centre, Massachusetts General Hospital and University of Southern California.
The hospital will reserve a fifth of its capacity for the underprivileged and provide 10 per cent beds for free to the needy and another 10 per cent at subsidised rates.
Doctors have also been asked to conduct free surgeries and hold free weekly OPDs for the poor as well.
The hospital has applied for a green status, which could make it India's largest green hospital.
12

Gear S: The smartwatch that can make calls without a smartphoneThe Gear S has a 2-inch super AMOLED screen and uses a dual core processor running at 1GHz. The smartwatch is powered by a Tizen-based OS.
PHOTO: Reuters

Gold Sales Jump About 20% for Diwali: Trade BodyIndian Realty Market Sees $4.5 Billion Investment During January-September: CBRE
Gold sales in India during the festivals of Diwali and Dhanteras celebrated this week rose by about a fifth, a senior official at the country's biggest gold trade group said on Friday.
Premiums in India, the second biggest buyer of bullion, jumped to $17-$18 an ounce this week, compared with $12 last week, on surging demand.
Dhanteras, associated with Lakshmi - the goddess of wealth, and Diwali, the festival of lights, are both considered auspicious to buy gold.
"Diwali sales across the country were very good. It was about 20 per cent higher compared with last year," Bachhraj Bamalwa, director at the All India Gems and Jewellery Trade Federation, told Reuters. The trade body represents more than 300,000 jewellers.
The strong demand from India could support global gold prices.
India set a record high import duty on gold last year to curb its trade deficit, and made it necessary for importers to re-export a fifth of all their purchases.
The moves contained imports into the country, with the resulting supply shortage sending local premiums to about $160 an ounce over the global benchmark at one point.
Some of the rules were eased earlier this year, leading to higher imports and a fall in local prices.
"This year prices were low, sentiment was good and we have a stable government in the centre; all of these helped boost sales," Mr Bamalwa said, referring to this year's election of Narendra Modi as Prime Minister.
Though the major gold buying festivals of the year are over, Mr Bamalwa said sales could continue to be strong due to the wedding season that will extend until early next year.
In anticipation of strong demand during the festivals, India had imported $3.75 billion worth of gold in September - a 450 per cent jump from the same period last year.
The jump in imports weighed on the country's trade deficit again, sparking fears that the government could tighten the screws again on overseas purchases of gold.
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley was quoted in local media as saying that he could look at curbs on gold imports after the festive season.
Any further curbs could hurt imports and push up premiums, Mr Bamalwa said.
In other parts of Asia, buying interest for gold was quiet, with premiums slipping in some regions, dealers said.
"I think prices have to fall toward or below $1,200 before people come into the physical markets again," said a trader in Hong Kong, where premiums slipped to $1.10-$1.20 an ounce from about $1.50 last week.
In China, premiums fell to about $1.50 an ounce on Friday from $2-$3 an ounce.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

Festive Season Fails to Bring Cheers for RealtyYou are here: Home Industries
Festive Season Fails to Bring Cheer for Real Estate
Press Trust of India | Updated On: October 24, 2014 13:01 (IST)
Indian Realty Market Sees $4.5 Billion Investment During January-September: CBRE
Mumbai: Despite recovery in market conditions and sentiment, this festive season has failed to bring in cheers to the real estate industry as home buyers continue to remain cautious, according to industry experts.
Festive season is generally considered as the most important time for the realty sector as it records the highest number of sales, which is nearly 20-25 per cent more than non-festive period.
"The real estate industry has always witnessed a rise in sales during the festive season especially on the back of freebies and incentives offered by the developers. However, despite recovery, there is no improvement in sales during the festive season," IndiaProperty.com chief executive Ganesh Vasudevan told PTI here today.
He said, "The demand from property buyers has increased compared to the last few quarters. This is witnessed from the number of enquiries we are receiving. But this is not translating into actual transactions as buyers have adopted a wait and watch approach."
According to Jones Lang LaSalle India chairman and country head Anuj Puri, though there is a recovery in sentiment, the events that have catalysed it -- namely the new government at the centre and "its pro-business policies favouring realty", will need more time to bring their benefits to bear on the market.
"While demand exists, it is still held in abeyance by various economic factors, including the natural lag between the announcement and implementation of the government policy catalysts," he said.
Likewise, the Reserve Bank has held on to current interest rates in favour of safeguarding against further inflationary trends.
"It will take several more months for the market to get into convincing forward momentum again.... the festive season did not bring the kind of momentum that was hoped for," Mr Puri added.
"There is also an expectation that home loan rates may come down in the next 2-3 quarters as the government is taking initiatives to tame inflation. If the interest rates come down, we will see a surge in sales from the second or third quarter of 2015," Mr Vasudevan noted.
Developers, on the other hand, have been addressing the situation by offering selective discounts and incentives, the success of which has varied across cities and locations. Those with greater holding power continue to wait for the market to pick up so that sales velocity will accelerate, Mr Puri said.
"During the festive season, developers generally launch new projects as well as offer various incentives to attract buyers. However, over the last few quarters, there has been slowdown in new launches as the inventory levels itself are very high," Samruddhi Realty chiefeExecutive Madhusudan K said.
He further said developers are currently concentrating on clearing the inventory and are offering discounts and other incentives to attract buyers.
Story first published on: October 24, 2014 12:57 (IST)

Here Are America s Fastest-Growing Inner City Businessesreddit
Initiative for a Competitive Inner City (ICIC) and FORTUNE recently announced a group of 100 businesses selected for the 2014 Inner City 100, a list of the fastest-growing inner city businesses in the U.S. According to ICIC research, businesses located in inner cities experience unique competitive advantages, as they create three times more new jobs for inner city residents in comparison to businesses located in other parts of the region.
While this program has a16-year history, 2014 was the first year that the Inner City 100 was comprised of 10 fast-growing businesses segmented into 10 industry categories. The 10 winners within each category were ranked according to revenue growth both as it compared to their industry peers, as well as to all other businesses on the list.
This year's winners included Gourmet Gorilla , an industrial kitchen launched by husband and wife pair Jason Weedon and Danielle Hziric in 2009 to fulfill their shared aspirations to bring healthier meals to Chicago-area public schools. Gourmet Gorilla plays a significant role in the health and education of the greater Chicago community, and nearly 50% of their business comes from low-income districts. Danielle and Jason's efforts to encourage healthy eating in schools have led to positive results benefitting both the company's mission and its bottom line. Since their founding year, company revenues have skyrocketed at a gross growth rate of 1251%, earning Gourmet Gorilla the top spot on the Food & Beverage top ten list, and a third place spot overall on the 2014 Inner City 100 list. Danielle also participated in the inaugural Chicago class of Goldman Sachs' 10,000 Small Businesses Program .
In advance of Thursday's awards ceremony celebrating all winners, Jason and Danielle attended a two-day small business Symposium hosted by ICIC, which assembled CEOs from almost 250 companies across the country. This event included high profile business management case studies presented by Harvard Business School professors, peer-to-peer learning sessions led by CEOs of fast-growing firms, and even a reunion gathering specifically orchestrated for 10,000 Small Businesses alumni from across the country.
Graduates of 10,000 Small Businesses are represented on nine out of the 10 business industry categories on the 2014 Inner City 100. The training and skills these 14 business owners have each gained also led to actionable results. The average gross growth rate of winners connected to the 10,000 Small Businesses program between 2009 and 2013 was an impressive 365%, as compared to a 336% average gross growth rate for all 100 winners in the same time period.
10,000 Small Businesses alumni featured in the 2014 Inner City 100 created 320 new jobs within the last five years, 242 of which were within the local community. Of these 14 companies, all who pursued options for access to capital in 2013 were successful, and on the whole the group of 14 generated $57.9 million in 2013 revenues in the aggregate, $4.1 million on average.
The rankings of the 14 2014 Inner City 100 winners who were also were 10,000 Small Businesses Alumni is as follows: (See the full Inner City 100 list in FORTUNE .)
Gourmet Gorilla (Chicago, IL)

Strengthen implementation of Bio weapons co...Bio weapons convention
(Varma said India remains…)
UNITED NATIONS: India has stressed on the need to strengthen implementation of the biological weapons convention in the wake of challenges to international peace and security emanating from threat posed by terrorists and non-state actors seeking access to biological toxins.
"The use of chemical weapons anywhere and by anyone must be condemned and the international norm against the use of chemical weapons must not be breached," Ambassador DB Venkatesh Varma, Permanent Representative of India to the UN Conference on Disarmament , said during a UN General Assembly debate on 'Other Weapons of Mass Destruction' here yesterday.
He said India remains committed to improving the effectiveness of the Biological Weapons Convention and strengthening its implementation and universalization.
"We believe this is necessary in view of the new challenges to international peace and security emanating from proliferation trends, including the threat posed by terrorists or other non-state actors seeking access to biological agents or toxins for terrorist purposes," Varma added.
He underlined the importance attached by India to the Chemical Weapons Convention (CWC) and the Biological Weapons Convention as examples of non-discriminatory treaties in the field of disarmament for the total elimination of specific type of weapons of mass destruction.
India reaffirms that disarmament is a primary goal of the chemical weapons convention and should remain the priority till the complete destruction of all chemical weapons is achieved.
Varma noted that it is the responsibility of states parties to ensure that their commitments and obligations under the convention are fully and effectively implemented.
"We believe that only a multilaterally agreed mechanism for verification of compliance can provide the assurance of observance of compliance obligations by States Parties and act as a deterrent against non-compliance," he added.
India is committed to maintaining the highest international standards with reference to control of chemical, biological and toxin items, he said, adding the country has made considerable progress in its engagement with the Australia Group and other export control regimes with a view to seeking full membership.
With a large and growing chemical industry, India has the second largest number of declared facilities.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Should Cook stop caring what Carl Icahn thinks(There is just one problem,…)
By Joe Nocera
Why should Tim Cook care what Carl Icahn thinks?
Earlier this month, Icahn, the famed "activist shareholder," sent a lengthy letter to the Apple chief executive, which he also posted on the blogging platform Tumblr, so that the rest of us could read it as well. Most of the time, when Icahn takes a stake in a company, it is because the company is having problems; his missives are usually less than pleasant.
But that hardly describes Apple, which continues to churn out record profits and hot products like the recent iPhone 6 . According to his letter, Icahn's investment firm, Icahn Enterprises, owns 53 million shares of the company's stock. He opens with words of praise for the company and Cook ("you are the ideal CEO for Apple"), and then lays out, at great length, his vision of how Apple will gain market share against its competitors.
There is just one problem, in Icahn's view. Unlike Icahn, the market is not giving Apple its due; its stock, he writes, is massively undervalued. And how does Icahn propose that Apple solve this problem? By having the company buy back its own shares. Icahn estimates that Apple's price should be at $203, a little more than double its current price around $100 - and a share repurchase program is the best way to get there. (When a company buys back its own stock, its earnings per share go up because fewer shares are in circulation.)
Icahn has been down this road before with Apple and Cook; indeed it has been something of a theme with him in recent years. A year ago, for instance, Icahn was agitating for a $150 billion buyback (which he later scaled back to $50 billion). He didn't get it, but in April of this year, Cook and the Apple board approved a $30 billion buyback, which came on top of a $60 billion buyback the year before. Although Apple had more than $100 billion in cash reserves, most of that money was locked up overseas because Apple didn't want to pay the taxes required to repatriate the money. So instead, it borrowed money to help finance its buybacks.
But to what end? Carl Icahn is hardly the sort of long-term investor who has the best interests of Apple at heart. As William Lazonick, an economist at the University of Massachusetts , Lowell, put it in a recent blog post: Massive buybacks reward those "who have contributed the least to Apple's products and profits."
"Icahn," he added, "has contributed absolutely nothing to Apple's success."
Lazonick is one of the biggest critics of buybacks in academia. Last month he published an article in Harvard Business Review, titled "Profits Without Prosperity," in which he made the case that buybacks hurt not only the company that is buying back the stock but also the country itself. Between 2003 and 2012, he noted, the 449 companies that were publicly listed in the S&P 500 index throughout that time spent 54 percent of their earnings buying back their own stock. That cost an astounding $2.4 trillion - money that could have been spent hiring workers or making capital investments.
And why have companies been so willing to buy back their own stock? Companies like to say they are buying their own stock to show faith in the company's future. Lazonick shreds such justifications, pointing out, for instance, that companies tend to buy stock when it is high, not when it is low.
Rather, he says, the critical incentive for buybacks has been that chief executives are paid primarily in stock. Share buybacks may remove capital from the company, but when they raise the stock price, they enrich the boss.
"The very people we rely on to make investments in the productive capabilities that will increase our shared prosperity are instead devoting most of their companies' profits to uses that will increase their own prosperity," he writes.
As for Apple, in the late 1980s and early 1990s, when John Sculley was chief executive, the company spent $1.8 billion buying back its own stock. That was money it could have really used when the company then stumbled and needed to issue junk bonds - and issue $150 million in convertible preferred stock to Microsoft - just to survive.
Things are different now, of course. Apple is the king of the hill. Which is why if any company ought to be able to give Carl Icahn the back of its hand, it should be Apple. It should be the one making decisions about how to deploy its capital, rather than bending to the wishes of an activist shareholder.
After Icahn's letter to Cook was published, the company pointed out that between buybacks and dividends, the company was already in the midst of "the largest capital return program in corporate history."
Enough already. Let's hope Tim Cook stops caring what Carl Icahn thinks.
FEATURED ARTICLES

EC announces 5-phase polls in J&K  Jharkhand; counting on December 23J&K, Jharkhand elections spread over a month, to be held in 5 phases; counting on December 23
CNN-IBN | Oct 26, 2014 at  05:10pm IST
New Delhi: The states of Jammu and Kashmir and Jharkhand will vote in five phases between November 25 and December 20. The counting of votes will take place on December 23 in both the states. Along with these two states, three Assembly seats in Delhi will also vote on November 25.
The Chief Election Commissioner of India, VS Sampath announced the poll schedule for 87-member Jammu and Kashmir and 81-member Jharkhand state assemblies in New Delhi on Saturday.
The model code of conduct comes into force with immediate effect in both the states.
The first phase of voting takes place on November 25 in both J&K and Jharkhand. The second phase of polling takes place on December 2, the third phase on December 9, the fourth on December 14 and the last and fifth phase on December 20.
All the votes will be counted on December 23.
Both the states are considered very sensitive when it comes to law and order.
Jammu and Kashmir is a militancy-hit state, with an extremely harsh winter, while Jharkhand is a Naxal-affected state. To ensure a free and fair voting, the Election Commission has come out with a month-long five-phase polling.
The EC also announced the date for by-polls to three seats in Delhi - Mehrauli, Tughlaqabad and Krishna Nagar. The three seats will vote on November 25. The three seats fell vacant after three BJP MLAs got elected to the Lok Sabha in Parliamentary elections.
Jammu and Kashmir:
Unlike all other states in India, J&K goes to Assembly polls once in six years instead of five years. The last Assembly election was held in 2008. The National Conference (NC) and Congress coalition government has been in power in the state since then. However, the Congress is giving hints that it wants to sever ties with the NC ahead of the elections.
The main opposition PDP led by former chief minister Mufti Mohammad Sayeed is trying to come back to power this election.
Buoyed by the spectacular victory in the Lok Sabha and recent Assembly elections in Haryana and Maharashtra, Prime Minister Narendra Modi-led BJP is also trying to emerge as the single largest party in J&K.
J&K was recently-hit by a severe flood and is slowly limping back to normalcy. All efforts by the chief minister Omar Abdullah to get the polls postponed have failed after the Centre refused to do so.
The term of the Jammu and Kashmir Assembly ends on January 19.
Jharkhand
In the 81-member Jharkhand Assembly, JMM and Congress are running a coalition government for the past two years.
Before that, the BJP and the JMM ran a coalition government. The BJP swept the polls in the recent Lok Sabha elections and is expected to repeat the same performance in the assembly elections too.
The ruling coalition is facing a huge anti-incumbency.
The Jharkhand Assembly's term ends on January 3.
Key players in the fray
Jammu and Kashmir:

In major reshuffle  Google CEO Larry Page names Sundar Pichai as new head of productsIn major reshuffle, Google CEO Larry Page names Sundar Pichai as new head of products
ANI | Washington D.C. Oct 25, 2014 02:17 PM IST
Google CEO Larry Page has reportedly transferred leadership of all core Google products over to India-born Sundar Pichai, who will continue to oversee his former portfolios of Android, Chrome and Google apps. 
Pichai will serve as senior vice president of all Google products and will manage a number of divisions, including business and operations, access and energy, Nest, Calico, Google X, corporate development, legal, finance, and business, which includes ad sales, tech site re/code.net said Friday
 
ALSO READ:  Who is Sundar Pichai? All you need to know
The six executives in charge of newly added product areas, all of whom previously reported directly to Page, will now report to Pichai.
YouTube is not included in the deal because CEO Susan Wojcicki -- in whose garage the company was founded -- will continue to run that division somewhat independently.
 
ALSO READ:  Newsmaker: Sundar Pichai
According to re/code, the move stems from Page's fear that Google's products will grow less innovative as the company ages. Thus, the move should help create "less of a bottleneck" so that Pichai can focus his attention fully on making those existing and future products turn heads.
While sources told re/code that the move is not designed to make Pichai heir apparent to Page, it is still a major milestone for the company’s management, which has long been run by a larger group of execs.
 

AAP alleges BJP trying to fudge Delhi voter list; to approach ECAAP alleges BJP trying to fudge Delhi voter list; to approach EC
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Oct 25, 2014 12:55 PM IST
Accusing BJP of trying to get voters' list fudged in Delhi, Aam Aadmi Party chief Arvind Kejriwal today said it would lodge a complaint with the Election Commission.
He alleged that BJP has promised Rs 1500 for 'one fake vote' and Rs 200 to get any 'vote for AAP' deleted.
"A top BJP leader has directed all Delhi BJP MLAs to get at least 5000 fake votes made in each constituency and get AAP votes deleted. Bribe rate is Rs 1500 for new fake vote, Rs 200 to get any vote deleted. This information was given by someone who did this job for BJP last week.
"We are meeting EC officials on Monday at 11 a.m and making a formal complaint," Kejriwal said on Twitter.
Delhi has been under President's rule since Kejriwal resigned as Chief Minister on February 14.
In the assembly elections held last year, BJP had won 31 seats in the 70-member house while the AAP emerged victorious in 28 seats.

Parties in Jharkhand gear up for assembly pollsParties in Jharkhand gear up for assembly polls
Vladimir Putin Russian government approves law to clamp down on offshore tax shelteringVladimir Putin Russian government approves law to clamp down on offshore tax sheltering
Gadkari dispels rumours  says he met RSS chief to wish him happy DiwaliGadkari dispels rumours, says he met RSS chief to wish him happy Diwali
CNN-IBN | Oct 25, 2014 at 05:08pm
Union Minister Nitin Gadkari met RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat in Nagpur on Saturday morning amidst reports that the RSS has endorsed the party's state chief Devendra Fadanavis for Maharashtra CM's post. Fadnavis had met Bhagwat on Friday. Gadkari, however, underplayed the meeting, saying that this must be new to the media, but he has been visiting Bhagwat's house for the last 25 years to wish him for Diwali.

RIP Nokia: 9 Milestone Nokia Handsets that Changed Mobile Phones ForeverRIP Nokia: 9 Milestone Nokia Handsets that Changed Mobile Phones Forever
Union Transport Minister Nitin Gadkari caught on camera riding without helmetPrint
Union Minister for Transport and Shipping Nitin Gadkari leaves after meeting RSS Chief Mohan Bhagwat at RSS headquarters in Nagpur, Maharashtra on Saturday.(PTI)
By: Press Trust of India | Nagpur | Posted: October 25, 2014 5:15 pm | Updated: October 25, 2014 5:23 pm
Union Transport and Highways Minister Nitin Gadkari on Saturday rode into a controversy when he was caught on camera entering RSS headquarters here on his scooter without wearing a helmet in violation of traffic rules.
TV channels showed the 58-year-old BJP MP from Nagpur riding his white-coloured scooter to the Sangh headquarters in Mahal area of the city to meet RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat amid efforts by the party to form government in Maharashtra.
When pointed out by journalists about him having violated the rules, Gadkari refused to comment and entered the premises with a man riding pillion and another scooter in tow.
Congress general secretary Digvijay Singh strongly reacted to Gadkari’s action, saying it reflected the “attitude of the leader and the party”.
“It is a very small thing and for anyone else it wouldn’t have mattered…for the transport minister of the government of India, who is violating the law which he had to be enforcing, then it does make a difference,” he said.
“This reflects the attitude of the leader and the party, whether they believe in following the rules or not,” he said. One of the TV news channels claimed the former BJP chief was earlier caught on camera riding a scooter without wearing helmet in December last year when he was not a Cabinet Minister.
With the shoe on the other foot now, it was not immediately known if Nagpur police was contemplating booking the Union Minister for violating traffic rules. According to Nagpur traffic police website, wearing helmet is compulsory and violators will be charged Rs 100 under Section 177 of the M V Act-1988.

Election Commission announces poll schedule for J&K  JharkhandPrint
Chief Election Commissioner V.S. Sampath addresses a press conference in New Delhi on Saturday. (Source: PTI)
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 25, 2014 4:44 pm | Updated: October 26, 2014 2:23 pm
The Election Commission on Saturday announced five-phase polls in Jammu & Kashmir and Jharkhand, which will take place between November 23 and December 20. The counting of votes will take place on December 23.
While the ruling National Conference had expressed reservations over holding of elections in flood-ravaged J&K at this time, the EC decided to go ahead after consultations with all political parties and the authorities concerned.
Said Chief Election Commissioner V S Sampath, “Except for one political party, most of the political parties (in Jammu and Kashmir) are in favour of holding elections on time. They said there is no reason, no justification for delaying the polls. The EC’s mandate is to hold elections on time.”
While he did not take any names, the NC has publicly called for postponing the elections.
Soon after the EC announcement, Chief Minister Omar Abdullah tweeted his displeasure. “While the NC was keen to rehabilitate the flood-affected people before anyone else’s political rehabilitation the EC felt differently,” he wrote.
“Now with election dates announced, there is no question of not contesting the forthcoming polls… We will put our best foot forward,” he tweeted.
READ: EC announces schedule for Delhi bypolls
Polling in both J&K (87 seats) and Jharkhand (81 seats) will take place over November 25, December 2, 9, 14 and 20. With the announcement of elections, the model code of conduct comes into effect immediately. While last time J&K had seen seven-phase polls, Naxal-hit Jharkhand had then too seen elections over five phases.
The six-year term of the current Jammu and Kashmir Assembly ends on January 19. The term of the Jharkhand House also gets over in January.
Asked whether this was the right decision to hold polls in J&K given the devastation caused by the floods, Sampath said the calamity would have no “special impact” on the elections.
The post-flood situation, along with other aspects like climate, festivals and the law and order situation, had been taken into account while deciding the poll schedule, Sampath said.
EC officials added that the model code of conduct will not come in the way of relief and rehabilitation work in J&K, since the state government will be following norms of compensation prescribed by government rules.
The commission also said they have “contingency plans” to hold polls along the Line of Control and International Boundary, in case of continued ceasefire violations by Pakistan. These include setting up polling stations 2 km deep into Indian side.
Voters in the state will not need identity documents to vote if their names and photographs are on the electoral rolls. “Moreover, we will also issue voters’ slips,” an official said.
The NC said the need of the hour was “to focus on relief and rehabilitation” than elections. He admitted the NC was in the minority on this, but added that it was because it put peoples’ welfare over politics. “The party continued…

Google vice president jumps from stratosphere beating world recordGoogle vice president jumps from stratosphere beating world record
Court remands 5 to 14 days  jcCourt remands 5 to 14 days  jc
Day 1: Happy New Year beats Dhoom: 3 collectionsDay 1: Happy New Year beats Dhoom: 3 collections
IRB Infrastructure DevelopersCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Valuations  fundamentals favour fixed incomeValuations, fundamentals favour fixed income
Rahul Goswami
The RBI has held key rates, but macroeconomic developments make a case for investing in long duration funds
October 19, 2014:  
With valuations and macro-fundamentals in favour, there lies a strong case for investing in fixed income at this point in time.
Currently, the Indian economy is in much better shape, with a stable current account deficit (CAD), downward-looking inflation, higher forex reserves and growth impulses picking up. Macroeconomic improvement and fiscal prudence could bring down interest rates over the next two to three years, building a case for investing in the debt market.
Yet, the RBI maintained status quo on repo, reverse repo and MSF rates in its monetary policy review. The policy came through with some positives on held-to-maturity (HTM) and liquidity coverage ratio (LCR) norms for banks. While the RBI looked more confident on meeting the inflation target of 8 per cent by January 2015, we believe that CPI inflation may touch 6 per cent earlier than the RBI expectation of January 2016. A bout of optimism can be derived from the latest inflation numbers.
Rewards for persistence
Apart from inflation, factors such as CAD, fiscal deficit and liquidity are also tilting in favour of debt markets. In the April-June quarter (2013-14), the CAD moderated to 1.7 per cent from 4.8 per cent of GDP last year and is expected to be maintained at 1.5 per cent this year.
The narrowing CAD translates into higher savings in the economy, paving the way for lower inflation and interest rates. Furthermore, the Government has set the fiscal deficit target for this financial year at 4.1 per cent of GDP, giving a roadmap for lowering it to 3 per cent over the next three years.
India is also undergoing a liquidity-driven economic cycle, with substantial FII inflows across debt and equity markets. The improvement in liquidity may keep the overall yield curve in check and bond yields at lower levels. Expect the 10-year benchmark yield to be about 150 bps lower from current levels by the second quarter of CY2016.
A value proposition
The RBI delaying the monetary softening is clearly providing the time to investors to increase allocations toward fixed income. The Indian fixed income market has valuations as well as macro-fundamentals in its favour. This makes a strong case for investing in long-duration funds for attractive returns in the next two to three years.
The writer is CIO-Fixed Income, ICICI Prudential AMC
(This article was published on October 19, 2014)
Related

All you need to know about Apple PayUpdated: October 21, 2014 12:47 IST
All you need to know about Apple Pay
AP
Reuters Although security measures are never foolproof, the Apple Pay system is safer than many current pay methods.
SLIDESHOW
technology (general)
Apple’s mobile payment system, Apple Pay, made its debut on Monday. The new system allows you to flash your iPhone in the checkout line to pay for food, clothing and other goods. But don’t leave your wallet or purse behind quite yet. Despite a few dozen retail chains pledging support for Apple Pay, so-called contactless payments are still new. Smaller merchants, in particular, aren’t likely to have the necessary equipment right away.
Q. What do I need to use Apple Pay?
A. To fully use Apple Pay, you’ll need an iPhone 6 or iPhone 6 Plus with iOS 8.1, a free software update released on Monday. You’ll also get some online-only features with the iPad Air 2 and iPad Mini 3 coming out later this week. Older devices won’t work, even with the 8.1 update.
You’ll also need a credit card that works with Apple Pay. Major credit card issuers such as American Express, Bank of America, Capital One, Chase, Citibank and Wells Fargo are backing Apple Pay. Apple says more than 500 banks are participating, representing about 83 percent of the card volume in the U.S.
To get started, use the Passbook app or go to “Passbook & Apple Pay” in the settings.
Q. Is it secure?
A. Although security measures are never foolproof, the Apple Pay system is safer than many current pay methods.
For one thing, a substitute account number is assigned when you set up Apple Pay. Merchants get that instead of your real card number. In addition, a verification code is created for each transaction, based in part on unique keys on the phone. Even if hackers get that substitute number, they wouldn’t be able to generate the verification code without having possession of your phone, so fraudulent transactions would be declined.
Other services are starting to use one-time verification codes, too, but not all of them use the substitute account number. By using that substitute, a credit card issuer could cancel the number just for the phone, should you lose it. You wouldn’t need to replace the entire card.
Q. Where can I use Apple Pay?
A. Most retail stores that accept contactless payments should be able to use Apple Pay, as well as Google Wallet, Softcard and other services that are based on a wireless-chip technology called near-field communication, or NFC. It’s possible that some stores have the hardware in place, but haven’t turned on the functionality yet. The debut of Apple Pay is likely to prompt those merchants to do so.
A few dozen chains, including Macy’s, McDonald’s, Subway and Whole Foods, are expected to accept Apple Pay right away, though some of their stores might not be ready yet. Other retailers expected to do so by the end of the year include Staples, Urban Outfitters and Walt Disney Parks and Resorts.
Apple is distributing logos to merchants that accept Apple Pay, similar to symbols for Visa and MasterCard, though the lack of a logo doesn’t necessarily mean Apple Pay isn’t accepted.
In addition, you can use Apple Pay to make online purchases within apps, without having to enter card numbers, billing addresses and other information. It’s up to merchants to enable this with app updates. Groupon, OpenTable, Staples and Target are among the initial ones to do so. You’ll see a button for “Apple Pay” or “Buy with Apple Pay.” The new iPads will be able to make in-app payments, but they lack NFC chips for in-store payments.
Q. What about smaller merchants?
A. Dry cleaners, local restaurants and other smaller businesses are less likely to have the equipment ready. All told, there are more than 200,000 payment terminals in the U.S. capable of making “contactless” transactions, but that’s out of several million.
Starting late next year, merchants will be liable for fraudulent transactions if they don’t have equipment with an enhanced security system called EMV. Because merchants have to upgrade equipment to EMV anyway, they can get the NFC capability for not much more.
But many equipment makers hesitated because demand for NFC hasn’t been clear. Soon after Apple announced support, iPad-based retail payment system ShopKeep decided to start including NFC and plans to distribute new equipment to its 10,000 merchants over the next year. Other equipment makers are expected to do the same.
Q. Do I have to pay to use it?
A. Apple hasn’t said much about how it plans to make money from Apple Pay transactions, but it’s safe to say that credit card companies would be the ones covering any fees. Card companies might factor in those costs in the regular fees that consumers and merchants pay. However, those companies might be able to use savings from fraud reduction to cover any Apple Pay costs.
Q. How does this differ from other contactless systems?
A. Most noticeable will be the use of the fingerprint ID sensor to authorize transactions. Right now, it’s easy to pull out a plastic credit card, so any mobile-payment system will have to be just as easy. That can’t be said when you have to spend time typing in a passcode at the checkout line. The fingerprint ID lets you bypass that with one tap.

Canada vows crackdown on terrorismCanada PM vows crackdown against terror after attacks
Robert Wright in Ottawa and Anna Nicolaou in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4876e152-5a7c-11e4-8625-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Canadian PM faces pressure over radicalsCanadian PM faces pressure over domestic extremists
Robert Wright in Ottawa and Geoff Dyer in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/97ce6ba8-5ad6-11e4-8625-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Options Investors See Good Times for FacebookYou are here: Home Corporates
Options Investors See Good Times Rolling for Facebook
Reuters | Updated On: October 24, 2014 10:58 (IST)
Aviation Regulator Acts Tough Against Troubled SpiceJet: Report
Facebook Inc investors used to wild swings in the company's shares following its earnings reports are looking for relative calm on Tuesday, after the social media company posts results.
Facebook, whose shares rose 3 per cent to a new year-high of $80.63 on Thursday, is scheduled to report third-quarter results on October 28.
The cost of a Facebook straddle, in which an investor buys an at-the-money put option and a similar call option, suggests a move of about 7 per cent in either direction by October 31.
That is short of the average move of about 10 per cent in Facebook shares the day after the company reported results in the last eight quarters. The stock jumped as much as 14 per cent in January, and nearly 30 per cent in July last year when the company posted strong mobile advertising revenue.
Given that average, the price of the straddle seems cheap, WhatsTrading.com options strategist Fred Ruffy said.
Facebook's last two earnings reports showed growing strength in its mobile advertising business and have helped push the company's shares up nearly 31 per cent over the last six months. The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 3.5 per cent over that period.
On Tuesday, Facebook investors will be looking for continuing signs that mobile ads are translating into revenue, to gauge if the company can keep up its recent momentum, said Baird Equity Research analyst Colin Sebastian.
Facebook was the second busiest name in the options market on Thursday, with 191,000 calls and 153,000 puts traded, according to Livevol Inc data.
Ophir Gottlieb, chief executive of Los Angeles-based Capital Market Laboratories LLC, argues that the relatively calm expectations for Facebook leaves the market exposed in case of a disappointment.
"The risk into Facebook's earnings is just about lower than it has ever been into an earnings report, while at the same time the stock is trading at an all-time high," he said.
The company's 30-day implied volatility, a measure of the risk of big moves in a stock, was at 40.53 per cent on Thursday, in the 31st percentile of its 52-week range, Livevol data showed. That implies low expectations for wild gyrations next week, and any deviation from that could hit shares hard. With people increasingly accessing the Internet from smartphones and tablets, companies such as Facebook, Google Inc and Twitter Inc have been looking for ways to generate more revenue from mobile devices.
"We think Facebook had a solid quarter and all of our checks appear to be positive," Sebastian said.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Huge Opportunity for United Spirits in India: Motilal OswalAmbit Bullish on Nifty; Bets Big on Ramkrishna Forgings, Alstom T&D
Brokerage firm Motilal Oswal Financial Services believes that liquor major United Spirits (USL) has "huge opportunity" to grow in India.
India being a young country with growing income levels, throws huge opportunities for USL as far as alcohol consumption is concerned, and given the brand portfolio of Diageo, they can cater to all the segments of the value chain, Raamdeo Agrawal, joint managing director at Motilal Oswal Financial Services said. ( Watch interview here )
The United Spirits board on Monday approved resolutions for agreements with Diageo and some of its global subsidiaries to manufacture and market some of the global brands of Diageo in India through USL.
The USL stock rose nearly 10 per cent in intraday after the news broke and closed with more than 7 per cent gains on that day. The stock has gained nearly 10 per cent this week.
USL, whose brands include Signature, Bagpiper, Antiquity and Royal Challenge, will now be able to manufacture and market the global brands of Diageo in India once the resolution gets shareholder's nod.
"Multinationals hate to bring their global brand portfolio into India and they keep it separate," but Diageo manufacturing and selling their global brands through USL, shows their commitment to the business, said Mr. Agrawal.
Mr Agrawal believes USL is a long-term play. This stock is in our portfolio, "we will still keep buying the stock till Rs 5000," he added.
United Spirits reported a standalone net loss of Rs. 55.58 crore for the quarter ended June 30 as compared to a net profit of Rs. 118.13 crore during the same period of the previous fiscal year. Mr. Agarwal says "there might be one-two years of challenges, you may not get good financials, but their (USL) actions to build the business would happen. You will see introduction of new products, new categories."
Story first published on: October 24, 2014 14:06 (IST)

New U.S. home sales rise 0.2% after August revisionReal Estate Sales
New U.S. home sales rise 0.2% after August revision
New home sales in the United States were little changed in September after a 7.5 percent revision to August data. Bloomberg's Mia Saini and Michael McKee break down the numbers.
New home sales in the United States were little changed in September after a 7.5 percent revision to August data. Bloomberg's Mia Saini and Michael McKee break down the numbers.

Microsoft Quarterly Sales Beat Street HopesYou are here: Home Corporates
Microsoft Sales Beat Street Hopes, Cloud Profits Up
Reuters | Updated On: October 24, 2014 08:04 (IST)
Aviation Regulator Acts Tough Against Troubled SpiceJet: Report
Seattle:
Microsoft Corp reported higher-than-expected quarterly revenue, helped by stronger sales of its phones, Surface tablets and cloud-computing products for companies, while keeping its profit margins largely intact.
The results on Thursday allayed fears of investors in recent days that the industry shift toward lower-margin cloud services was proving hard for established technology leaders to master.
Microsoft shares, which have climbed 33 per cent over the past year, rose another 3 per cent in after-hours trading to $46.36.
"In light of recent negative earnings results from tech bellwethers Oracle, IBM, SAP, VMware, and EMC, Microsoft is bucking the trend and we would label these September results as a solid accomplishment," said Daniel Ives, an analyst at FBR Capital Markets.
Investors were keenly watching Microsoft after harsh warnings from International Business Machines Corp and SAP about operating profits as they make tentative inroads into the cloud, which generally yields thinner margins than technology companies are used to.
Microsoft did not disclose its cloud-based revenue for the fiscal first quarter, but said commercial cloud sales rose 128 per cent, while sales of services based on its Azure cloud platform rose 121 per cent.
Perhaps more importantly, it said gross profit margin in the unit that includes Azure rose 194 per cent, despite rising infrastructure costs, which includes the huge expense of building and operating datacenters.
In the last four years, Microsoft's gross profit margin has drifted down to about 65 per cent from above 80 per cent, largely due to its move into the less profitable business of making tablets and phones, but accelerated by the move to the cloud.
Nomura analyst Rick Sherlund figures Microsoft is on track to hit $6 billion a year in cloud revenue soon, which would make it the industry's largest cloud vendor by his calculations. That represents only about 6 percent of overall expected revenue this fiscal year, but investors are highly sensitive to a business they see as key to the future.
"We're the only company with cloud revenue at our scale that is growing at triple digit rates," said Satya Nadella, on a conference call with analysts.
Nadella was keen to stress that Microsoft is more focused on selling higher-margin services via the cloud to its commercial customers rather than just storage and computing power. "Our premium services on Azure create new monetization opportunities in media, data, machine learning, fast analytics, and enterprise mobility," he said.
PROFIT FELL ON CHARGE
Microsoft's fiscal first-quarter profit actually fell 13 per cent, largely due to an expected $1.1 billion charge related to mass layoffs announced in July, which lopped 11 cents per share off earnings.
Including that charge, the world's largest software company reported profit of $4.5 billion, or 54 cents per share, compared with $5.2 billion, or 62 cents per share, in the year-ago quarter.
Still, it easily beat Wall Street's forecast of 49 cents per share, including the charge, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
The charge resulted from Microsoft's plan, launched in July, to cut 18,000 jobs, or about 14 per cent of its workforce, with most of those cuts coming from its newly acquired Nokia phone business.
Revenue rose 25 per cent to $23.2 billion, helped by the phone business it bought from Nokia in April, handily exceeding analysts' average estimate of $22 billion.
Sales of its Lumia smartphones hit 9.3 million in the first full quarter since the close of the Nokia deal. Sales of the Surface tablet more than doubled to $908 million from $400 million in the year-ago quarter.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Microsoft to Drop Nokia Name From LumiaYou are here: Home Corporates
Microsoft to Drop Nokia Name From Lumia Smartphones
Press Trust of India | Updated On: October 24, 2014 23:03 (IST)
Aviation Regulator Acts Tough Against Troubled SpiceJet: Report
Washington: US software giant Microsoft on Friday said it will now start selling Lumia smartphones as 'Microsoft Lumia' devices, instead of calling them Nokia Lumia.
"Our global and local websites are going through a transition as we speak and in the coming days our social channels will get a new name too they will be called Microsoft Lumia," Microsoft's senior vice president of marketing for phones, Tuula Rytila, said on a blog.
"We have now started the transition from Nokia Lumia to Microsoft Lumia," the company said.
The move comes within 6 month of Microsoft acquiring Finnish telecom company Nokia's mobile device business for about $7.5 billion. The deal was completed on April 25, 2014.
Ms Rytila did not share timeline for launching Lumia device without Nokia brand name, but said, "We are looking forward to unveiling a Microsoft Lumia device soon. This is of course a natural progression as all devices that once came from Nokia now come from Microsoft."
Microsoft, however, will retain Nokia brand name for entry level phones.
"Microsoft will continue to sell Nokia-branded, entry-level category of phones, such as the Nokia 130. We have licensed the Nokia brand for such devices," she said.
Microsoft has a 10-year licence to use the Nokia brand on the current and subsequently developed mobile phones from the date it acquired the Finnish mobile devices company.
Story first published on: October 24, 2014 21:59 (IST)

Top Jet Airways Officer Subodh Karnik ResignsYou are here: Home Corporates
Top Jet Airways Officer Subodh Karnik Quits
Press Trust of India | Updated On: October 24, 2014 23:58 (IST)
New Delhi: Top Jet Airways' officer Subodh Karnik has quit the airline, becoming the latest in a spate of resignations from the premier private carrier after Gulf-based Etihad Airways picked up a 24 per cent stake in it.
Mr Karnik was appointed chief operating officer-designate, pending regulatory clearances, only in July this year.
A spokesperson for the airline said Mr Karnik left Jet for "family reasons".
There have been several other high-profile exits in the carrier over the past few months. They include two CEOs Nikos Kardassis and Gary K Toomey, chief commercial officer Sudheer Raghavan, chief financial officer Ravishankar Gopalakrishnan and vice president (investor relations) K G Vishwanath, after Jet and Abu Dhabi-based Etihad struck the deal in November last year.
"Subodh Karnik, Chief Operating Officer (Designate) will be leaving Jet Airways for family reasons and is returning to Atlanta to be closer to his wife and children who were unable to move to India," a Jet spokesperson said here.
"He will continue to work with Jet Airways in an advisory capacity on key strategic initiatives," she added.
Mr Karnik, who took over from Hameed Ali after the latter joined the airline's board, was given the task to oversee commercial and sales functions of the airline.
Mr Karnik had earlier worked for several global airlines like North West, Continental and Delta Airlines and was also the CEO of Global Aero Logistics, one of the largest provider of private air charter service to US military and corporates.
Cramer Ball, a former chief executive from Air Seychelles in which Etihad has a stake, is now the CEO of Jet Airways after receiving security and regulatory nod.
Story first published on: October 24, 2014 21:58 (IST)

Government Clears Rs 988-Crore FDI ProposalsYou are here: Home Economy
Government Clears 20 FDI Proposals Worth Rs 988 Crore
Press Trust of India | Updated On: October 24, 2014 20:39 (IST)
Iron Ore Imports Surge as Prices Fall
New Delhi: The Finance Ministry has cleared 20 foreign direct investment (FDI) proposals including 6 in the pharmaceuticals sector envisaging a total inflow of Rs 988.3 crore.
The proposals of Fresenius Kabi Oncology for Rs 119 crore and Amneal Pharmaceuticals Company's for up to Rs 205 crore have been approved by the Foreign Investment Promotion Board (FIPB), a multi-department panel headed by Finance Secretary.
Indusind Bank's proposal seeking increase in foreign investment in the bank to 74 per cent has also been cleared.
The amount of fund flow would depend on when the actual transaction takes place in case of the bank.
The bank, according to a release on Friday, sought "a specific request to grant post-facto approval for increase in foreign holding from 68.51 per cent to 72.07 per cent on June 30, 2014".
These proposals were approved at the FIPB meeting held on September 16, it said.
Tamil Nadu-based Equitas Holdings Pvt Ltd, with the largest proposed investment in the lot, would bring foreign capital of Rs 325 crore.
The approval was sought by the company for downstream investment in its wholly-owned subsidiaries by its existing and new foreign shareholders leading to an increase in the foreign equity from 91.30 per cent to 93.12 per cent. It is followed by Mumbai-based Tara India Fund envisaging investment of Rs 305.63 crore.
Under the defence sector, proposals of Bharti Shipyard Ltd and Solar Industries India will not lead to any fund flow.
Telecom player Verizon Communications India's proposal for an increase in foreign equity participation by its foreign parent from 74 per cent to 100 per cent was approved entailing investment of Rs 2.32 crore.
Meanwhile, FIPB rejected 5 proposals including one by Sistema Shyam Teleservices Ltd (SSTL). ( Read more )
SSTL sought permission to increase FDI up to 100 per cent in the company and its downstream wholly owned subsidiary Shyam Internet Services Ltd, both engaged in the telecom sector, on account of conversion of redeemable preference shares into equity.
At the same time, 8 proposals including four from the pharma sector was rejected.
Proposals of BioMerieux India Pvt Ltd and Kusum Healthcare Pvt Ltd among pharma sectors were rejected.
Story first published on: October 24, 2014 19:17 (IST)

SSTL s FDI Proposal RejectedYou are here: Home Corporates
Sistema Shyam Teleservices FDI Proposal Rejected by Government
Press Trust of India | Updated On: October 24, 2014 23:39 (IST)
Aviation Regulator Acts Tough Against Troubled SpiceJet: Report
New Delhi: The Finance Ministry has rejected Sistema Shyam Teleservices' (SSTL) proposal to increase foreign stake to 100 per cent due to conversion of redeemable preference shares into equity.
SSTL, controlled by Russian conglomerate Sistema JSFC, had applied in May to increase the total FDI in the company beyond 73.95 per cent.
Increases in FDI up to 100 per cent in M/s Sistema Shyam Tele Services Limited and its downstream WoS M/s Shyam Internet Services Limited, both engaged in the telecom sector, on account of conversion of redeemable preference shares into equity have been rejected, the Foreign Investment Promotion Board (FIPB) said in a statement.
The meeting of FIPB, a multi-department panel headed by Finance Secretary, took place on September 16.
Sistema JSFC holds a 56.68 per cent stake in SSTL and the Russian government 17.14 per cent.
The government in July 2013 had allowed 100 per cent FDI in telecom companies.
SSTL, which offers services under MTS brand name, has presence in 9 telecom circles.
Story first published on: October 24, 2014 19:17 (IST)

Dylan Thomas: A poet unlike any other© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d6be442e-5913-11e4-a722-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Hello  BT automaton. Kafka here...Hello, BT automaton. Kafka here . . .
Robert Shrimsley
I already need fingerprint evidence just to use my own phone. What next? Retinal scans to use the toaster?
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/03d5e60e-5a47-11e4-8771-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Taxes  jobs top concerns in DuPage County Board races0
"The (property tax) increases are out of control," he said. "We're completely out of line with any of the other states."
A fan of local control, Wiley dismissed solely consolidating functions within county government. He also hopes to "bring back the jobs, find ways to reduce regulations and just make it easier to do business in Illinois."
Board veteran John Curran, R-Woodridge, who is running for re-election in District 3, said he wants the county to take more steps to share services and partner with municipalities or neighboring counties.
"We want to continue that record of no property tax (increases) going forward," he said.
Two candidates cited DuPage's growing diversity as an important key to its economic vitality. A retired TV news anchor and reporter who later ran a drug and alcohol treatment center, Downers Grove resident and Democrat Pamela Miles, who is challenging Curran, said the board needs to reflect its community better to make better decisions.
"I don't feel we can go another four years without a more diverse board," said Miles, who is African-American. "If you have some knowledge on balancing the budget but you don't have empathy and compassion and can't relate to your residents, it's not going to help."
And Regina Drucilla Brent of Aurora, a Democrat who is challenging District 5 incumbent Tonia Khouri, said "it's up to the multiethnic community to run candidates for the board in order for them to have someone who would have empathy toward their needs and be able to convey their needs to the government." Brent also said she would like to see greater transit options for citizens, particularly those working nonpeak hours in the service industry.
"You find these people walking along the roadways day and night after they have so diligently served us in these fine restaurants and commercial stores, and if they can't afford a car, they have no way of getting home at night unless someone picks them up, unless thy have a bike or unless they walk home," said Brent, an African-American.
Khouri said she has worked diligently to make sure DuPage County remains friendly for businesses. A small business owner, she chairs the board's economic development and mass transit committees and said the two go hand in hand to make the county appealing to employers and workers.
"We currently have a 5 percent unemployment rate, which we're very proud of," she said. "We have different avenues we use to attract and retain businesses, most of all our low tax rate. I also would keep reaching out to let people know about the wonderful resources we have to continue to outreach to the community to make sure people know what resources are available to them."
Another issue involves noise from the recently reconfigured runways at O'Hare International Airport. Waller said he is running because his district's residents are furious about the noise from the new east-west runways.
"Paul (Fichtner) has done nothing about this," Waller said. "In fact, the DuPage County Board over the years has been our biggest enemy on this. They've been all for the city of Chicago and O'Hare expansion."
Waller said he favors legislation penalizing airlines if planes' noise exceeds a certain decibel threshold.
Fichtner noted that on Oct. 9, Cronin named him the chairman of an ad hoc board committee on airport noise.

DuPage Co. board chairman candidates diverge on flood fixes0
"We believe that we have the engineering capability to ameliorate many of the causes of these floods," Cronin said. "The problem is resources. The demand, the need for the projects is greater than the funding available."
Peickert added that he feels Cronin and his fellow board members frequently discuss tackling stormwater but are not doing enough. He pointed to Elmhurst — where both candidates live — saying Cronin is reluctant to support a proposal to run pipes into the quarry to carry away stormwater and ward off flooding to nearby homes.
"My street has flooded more in the last couple of years than in the past 40 years," Peickert said. "And nothing has been done to address that at all."
Cronin said the quarry is owned by DuPage County and usage needs to be fair to all the towns that have a stake in it.
"We wouldn't want to fill up capacity that can and should be used by other communities," Cronin said. "Whether it's creating some compensatory storage next to the quarry or using the quarry when no one else is using it, we want to solve the problem."
Both candidates said the county needs to go after more state dollars to help pay for the large-scale projects and upkeep. Cronin said he would use his connections as a former legislator while Peickert said he would be able to devote more time to his duties as board chairman to lobby for funding.
"I'm willing to take this job on full-time. We can't afford to have a part-time person in charge," said Peickert, referring to Cronin's day job as an attorney. "I think the chair is the better person to speak on behalf of the county."
"When we need some help in Springfield, I can turn to my former colleagues for help," Cronin said. "We aggressively pursue grant money through state and federal sources. We are really trying to maximize whatever we can get to help us with these flooding problems."

Washington School Shooting: 2 Dead  4 Injured; Shooter had Failed RelationshipsWashington School Shooting: 2 Dead  4 Injured; Shooter had Failed Relationships
Nitin Gadkari courts controversy by riding scooter without helmetTransport minister Nitin Gadkari rides scooter without helmet, courts controversy
PTI  Nagpur, October 25, 2014
First Published: 18:25 IST(25/10/2014) | Last Updated: 09:02 IST(26/10/2014)
Comments
Union transport and highways minister Nitin Gadkari on Saturday rode into a controversy when he was caught on camera entering RSS headquarters in Nagpur on his scooter without wearing a helmet in violation of traffic rules.
TV channels showed the 58-year-old BJP MP from Nagpur riding his white-coloured scooter to the Sangh headquarters in Mahal area of the city to meet RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat amid efforts by the party to form government in Maharashtra.
Union minister for transport and shipping Nitin Gadkari leaves after meeting RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat at RSS headquarters in Nagpur, Maharashtra, on Saturday. (PTI Photo)
When pointed out by journalists about him having violated the rules, Gadkari refused to comment and entered the premises with a man riding pillion and another scooter in tow.
Congress general secretary Digvijay Singh strongly reacted to Gadkari's action, saying it reflected the "attitude of the leader and the party".
"It is a very small thing and for anyone else it wouldn't have mattered...for the transport minister of the government of India, who is violating the law which he had to be enforcing, then it does make a difference," he said.
"This reflects the attitude of the leader and the party, whether they believe in following the rules or not," he said.
One of the TV news channels claimed the former BJP chief was earlier caught on camera riding a scooter without wearing helmet in December last year when he was not a cabinet minister.
With the shoe on the other foot now, it was not immediately known if Nagpur police was contemplating booking the Union minister for violating traffic rules.
According to Nagpur traffic police website, wearing helmet is compulsory and violators will be charged Rs. 100 under Section 177 of the MV Act-1988.

BJP ready to form govt in Maharashtra  plays hardball with Shiv SenaBJP plays hardball with Sena over govt formation
Dharmendra Jore , Hindustan Times  Mumbai, October 25, 2014
First Published: 18:34 IST(25/10/2014) | Last Updated: 01:13 IST(26/10/2014)
A confident BJP on Saturday prepared to form a government on its own in Maharashtra, refusing to accede to the Shiv Sena’s “unreasonable demands” in lieu of its support.
Advertisement
BJP insiders said the party would go ahead with a minority government instead of giving the Sena a big share of cabinet berths and important departments.
BJP, which emerged as the single largest party in the 288-member Assembly with 122 seats, has already been offered outside support by the 41-member NCP. It also has the support of another MLA. With 63 MLAs, the Sena is the second largest party in the house.
The Sena had earlier sought 14 berths but later scaled down its demand to 10. However, the BJP is not willing to give Sena more than 5 berths, the sources added.
The new government is likely to be sworn in at the Wankhede Stadium on October 29.
State BJP president Devendra Fadnavis, who is likely to be the next chief minister, held a meeting with senior leader Vinod Tawde and national joint general secretary V Satish on Saturday ahead  of their meeting with Prime Minister Narendra Modi in Mumbai.
They are expected to request Modi to let them go ahead without Sena. Union home minister Rajnath Singh is expected to visit the city on Monday for the electing the legislature party leader.
Amidst the talks of government formation,  senior BJP leader and union transport minister Nitin Gadkari met RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat at the Sangh headquarters at Nagpur on Saturday morning.
Gadkari met Bhagwat a day after Fadnavis had called on the RSS chief.
Though Fadnavis is seen as the front-runner for the CM’s post, over 40 party MLAs from the Vidarbha region are backing Gadkari for the top job.
When asked about the meeting, Gadkari said they discussed many important issues barring Maharashtra politics and the issue of chief ministership.

Will IAF warning hit sales of new Xiaomi phone models in IndiaE-mail
In Pic: Xiaomi Redmi 1S. Indian Air Force (IAF) has reportedly warned against using the devices manufactured by the Chinese company Xiaomi. The IAF in its note mentioned many instances of Xiaomi phones and tablets sending back data to China. It cited a Hong Kong based user who claimed that the Redmi Note phone was automatically connecting to servers in China and sending back photos, and messages.
ADVERTISEMENT

Is Sundar Pichai being groomed for the top job at GoogleIs Sundar Pichai being groomed for the top job at Google
Bangalore: Youth Congress holds protest over black moneyBangalore: Youth Congress holds protest over black money
RSS article shocks  says Nathuram Godse should have targeted Jawaharlal Nehru  not Mahatma GandhiRSS article shocks  says Nathuram Godse should have targeted Jawaharlal Nehru  not Mahatma Gandhi
EC announces 5-phase polls in J&K  J khand from Nov 25; counting on Dec 23Election Commission
(The counting of votes for…)
Jammu & Kashmir and Jharkhand are not exactly vast, but assembly elections in these two states will be held in five phases over one month, given that they are strategic from a security and law and order perspective, the Election Commission has said.
The decision to hold the elections in five phases starting from November 25 was taken after discussions with authorities concerned, chief election commissioner VS Sampath said on Saturday. Based on the assessment of the ground situation, central armed police forces and state armed police would be deployed during these elections, he added. Counting and declaration of results are scheduled for December 23.
The commission has prepared the election schedule after also accounting for conditions such as the post-flood situation and climate, including snowfall, according to Sampath.
Voting in these states will take place on November 25, December 2, December 9, December 14 and December 20. On November 25, by-polls for three seats of Delhi assembly — Tughlakabad, Krishna Nagar and Mehrauli — will also be held.
The model code of conduct came into force with immediate effect in these states after the dates were announced. Sampath said the model code of conduct will not affect relief work in Jammu & Kashmir and adequate measures have been taken to ensure voters get to exercise their rights. Officials will distribute voter cards to more than 800 people who are at present living in relief camps, he said.
While Jharkhand has about 2 crore voters, Jammu & Kashmir has more than 72 lakh voters. The term of the 87-member Jammu & Kashmir assembly ends on January 19 while that of the 81-member Jharkhand assembly ends on January 3.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Mindhelix raises $89K for home security inno...Startup Mindhelix raises $89,000 for home security innovation
PTI Oct 25, 2014, 06.02PM IST
Tags:
android
(A startup, which has developed…)
KOCHI: A startup, which has developed an innovative home security device, has raised nearly $89,000 US from 690 backers on crowd funding platform, Kickstarter.
Mindhelix's Rico is a sensor-equipped hardware that works by itself or with a spare smartphone to detect and alert users about changes inside a home, for example, in temperature, humidity, noise levels or movement, and the presence of smoke, Carbon Monoxide or cooking gas.
It allows users to watch live video feeds of the rooms and can also be used to control home appliances remotely.
The Kickstarter campaign for Rico, which ends on October 30, has already raised nearly 89 per cent of its target of $100,000. Mindhelix is hoping to meet the target in the four remaining days and take the device into production.
Kallidil Kalidasan , the company's CEO, says Rico is a cheaper and smarter replacement for a multitude of heavy and expensive home security hardware currently in use. Its added advantage is that it allows people to reuse their old or discarded smartphones, he claims.
"Rico uses your old smartphone as its brain and eyes. And it is very easy to use; all you need to do is install an app in your old smartphone, insert it into Rico and turn it on to activate your smarthome security companion," said Kalidasan.
"Our Kickstarter campaign has been well received globally and we hope to hit our target in a couple of days," he added.
Startup Village Chairman Sanjay Vijayakumar said the aim is to create awareness that young innovators are being backed internationally. "We need to give them support at home from early adopters who can help the campaign reach target by raising $11,000 more in four days".
Rico uses the existing hardware of smartphones -- such as HD cameras, microphones, 3G and WiFi connectivity and processor--to offer functions over and above its own sensor capabilities. Smartphones with Android 2.2 & above and Apple devices with iOS 6 & above can be plugged into Rico. It supports devices with screen size of 5.7 inch or below.
Kalidasan said the company has put in extra effort with the design of the product. Unlike the usual boxy electronic devices, Rico has a quirky, fun design and comes in bright appealing colours, he added.
Once it meets the funding target, Mindhelix will finalise the engineering design, analytics, production and supply details. It hopes to ship the product to its Kickstarter backers by November 2015.
Mindhelix is also part of the Alchemist Accelerator programme in the Silicon Valley, United States.
FEATURED ARTICLES

India to strike deal with Vietnam for oil ex...India likely to strike deal with Vietnam for oil exploration
PTI Oct 25, 2014, 07.56PM IST
Tags:
Dharmendra Pradhan
(India is likely to strike…)
NEW DELHI: Looking to deepen its economic ties with Vietnam, India is likely to strike a deal for exploration and production of oil and gas during the visit of South East Asian nation's Prime Miniter Nguyen Tan Dung on October 27.
Ahead of its Prime Minister's two-day visit here, Vietnam has also evinced keen interest in greater cooperation in key areas of defence, security and oil exploration and has hoped that some pacts will be signed during the trip.
"We are looking at enhancing India's cooperation in the fields of hydrocarbons and oil exploration," Oil Minister Dharmendra Pradhan told PTI.
He said he interacted with Vietnamese authorities on further cooperation in the oil sector during President Pranab Mukherjee's visit to Vietnam in September and wants this cooperation to be taken further.
"We are exploring more options to further our cooperation with Vietnam in the oil sector," he said, hinting at further talks and some possible tie-ups during the Vietnam Prime Minister's visit.
Pradhan said a team of officials of state-run Indian Oil Corporation had visited Vietnam and explored some business ventures which may come to fruition during the Vietnamese President Pranab Mukherjee's visit.
During Mukherjee's visit in September, ONGC Videsh Ltd, the overseas arm of state-run explorer Oil and Natural Gas Corp (ONGC), had signed an agreement to expand its oil and gas exploration in offshore Vietnam.
The Indian flagship firm agreed to consider exploring in 2-3 blocks out of the 5 areas in South China Sea that Vietnam had offered on nomination basis in November last year.
The five blocks or areas - 17, 41, 43, 10 & 11-1 and 102&106/10, offered in November last year lie outside the territory claimed by China in the South China Sea.
OVL forayed into Vietnam as early as 1988, when it bagged the exploration license for Block 06.1. The company got two exploration blocks - Block 127 and Block 128, in 2006.
However, Block 127 was relinquished after completing the work programme, and the other Block 128 is currently under exploration.
Additionally, ONGC Videsh and PetroVietnam have been engaged in further discussions for possible expansion of cooperation in hydrocarbon sector of Vietnam.
OVL had relinquished Block 127 in offshore Phu Khanh Basin after it failed to find any oil or gas in the area.
Though it had decided to withdraw from adjacent Block 128, it has decided to stay put because of India's strategic interests in the region. The exploration period for the block has been extended until June 15, 2015.
China claims sovereignty over most of the South China Sea where Block 127 and 128 are located and had warned the Indian arm from drilling in the region.
OVL continues to own 45 per cent in Vietnam's offshore block 6.1 and its share of production was 2.023 billion cubic metres of gas and 0.036 million tonnes of condensate.
During his visit, Tan will be accompanied by a delegation of a number of businessmen, who will hold talks with the top Indian leadership on strategically-important bilateral issues of security and energy as well as regional matters.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Simpsons Fans Rejoice! Now You Can Legally Watch Every Episode Onlinereddit
It's a Simpsons miracle.
Cable network FX on Tuesday launched Simpsons World, a streaming website and app that lets fans watch any of the storied franchise's 552 episodes whenever they feel like it. Simpsons World comes after FX offshoot FXX broadcast a 12-hour marathon in August showing each episode in chronological order. As FXX still has the rights to the episodes and the marathon was such a hit, it's now letting viewers watch at their own pace.
Simpsons fans can access the episodes via the FXNOW or Simpsons World apps. They're also accessible at SimpsonsWorld.com . The apps will be available on iOS, Android, Xbox Live, Apple TV and Samsung Smart TV , Deadline reports.
(Scroll down for a look at the site).
There is a catch, however: In order to access full episodes you must subscribe to FX via your cable provider.
Still, Simpsons World promises to add serious value to your cable subscription. At launch, it includes features such as trivia, Simpsons news, a comprehensive search function and a variety of playlists that group episodes by theme and character, Uproxx reports.
In January, Simpsons World will launch even more features, such as the ability to share personally curated playlists and clips through social media.
"We'll make it easy for you," FX Networks COO Chuck Saftler told IGN . "We'll curate for you; you can curate for you; you can curate for us. It can be lean-forward; it can be lean-back."
The app is apparently heavily influenced by and named after show creator Matt Groening's 20th Anniversary book "Simpson's World." But this app isn't necessarily only about looking back.
"Fans will be able to seamlessly move in and out of the deepest digital archive of any TV series online ever – wherever they are and however they want," FX Networks marketing and on-air promotions chief Stephanie Gibbons said in a statement .
As Simpsons executive producer Al Jean put it, "Hello ‘Simpsons World,’ goodbye free time!"
All we can say is, “Ay caramba!”
More:

Anti-Facebook social network Ello gets fresh funding‘Anti-Facebook’ social network Ello gets fresh funding
PTI
Tweet
San Francisco, Oct 24:  
Flush with a reported $5.5 million in fresh funding, upstart social network Ello today legally changed its corporate standing to back a promise to remain ad-free.
Ello converted to a public benefit corporation, which it described as “a new kind of for-profit company in the US that exists to produce a benefit for society as a whole — not just to make money for its investors.”
The announcement posted at Ello’s Web site came as word spread that venture capitalists pumped $5.5 million into the company in a fresh funding round.
That money will be used in part to beef up capacity so the social network can be opened to more users.
Ello, described as the “anti-Facebook” for its stand on privacy and advertising, has become a hot ticket on the Internet.
Created last year as a “private” social network, Ello recently opened its doors on an invitation-only basis.
Ello appears to have caught on with its simple message which seems to take aim at frustrations of Facebook users.
Facebook has been criticised by some users over its privacy policies and ads that use personal information.
“Ello doesn’t sell ads. Nor do we sell data about you to third parties,” the company says.
Its “manifesto” states: “We believe a social network can be a tool for empowerment. Not a tool to deceive, coerce, and manipulate — but a place to connect, create, and celebrate life. You are not a product.”
Ello’s policy states that the practice of collecting and selling personal data and mapping your social connections for profit “is both creepy and unethical.”
“Under the guise of offering a ‘free’ service, users pay a high price in intrusive advertising and lack of privacy.”
Based in Vermont, Ello was launched by a group of artists and programmers led by Paul Budnitz, whose previous experience includes designing bicycles and toys.
(This article was published on October 24, 2014)
Related

Mysterious Dino Looked Like  Something Out Of A Bad Sci-Fi MovieDeinocheirus mirificus probably lumbered along like a cross between the TV dinosaur Barney and Jar Jar Binks of Star Wars fame, according to a new fossil analysis. (AP Photo/Michael Skrepnick, Dinosaurs in Art, Nature Publishing Group)
A decades-old dinosaur mystery has finally been solved.
Ever since Deinocheirus mirificus was first identified in 1965, paleontologists have been trying to figure out what the animal looked like. Since only the dino's massive forelimbs had been found -- earning the creature the nickname "Terrible Hand" -- no one had a good sense of the animal's overall appearance.
But now, with the help of recently unearthed fossils dating back 70 million years, a research team led by Yuong-Nam Lee, director of the Geological Museum in Daejeon, South Korea, has pieced together a nearly complete Deinocheirus skeleton .
(Story continues below.)
Holotype fossil of Deinocheirus forelimbs on display.
The fossils, which were found in Mongolia, suggest that Deinocheirus was likely a huge toothless omnivore that stood 16 feet tall and measured 36 feet in length with killer claws, a duckbill, and scattered tufts of feathers, the Associated Press reported.
Lee told the AP that "Deinocheirus turned out to be one [of] the weirdest dinosaurs beyond our imagination." Another paleontologist, who was not involved in this new research, seemed to agree with that assessment.
“These new specimens really solve the mystery once and for all,” Dr. Stephen Brusatte, a vertebrate paleontologist at the University of Edinburgh in Scotland, told National Geographic. “They tell us Deinocheirus was much weirder than anyone could have imagined—a colossal, slow-moving, horse-headed, hump-backed dinosaur that looks like something out of a bad sci-fi movie."
To see for yourself, have a look at the University of Alberta's computer animation of the dinosaur in the video above.
This new research was published online in Nature on October 22, 2014.
Also on HuffPost:

Wal-Mart India Appoints Murali Lanka as Operations ChiefAviation Regulator Acts Tough Against Troubled SpiceJet: Report
Mumbai:
Wal-Mart Stores Inc's India unit said it had appointed company veteran Murali Lanka to the newly created position of chief operations officer to lead store operations and business development in the world's second most populous country.
Lanka, who in his earlier five-year stint with Wal-Mart India helped set up its wholesale format in the country, is currently a developmental regional general manager in the United States.
The world's largest retailer has 20 wholesale outlets in India and plans to roll out 50 more over four to five years.
The appointment of Lanka, who will report to Wal-Mart India Chief Executive Krish Iyer, is effective December 1, the company said in a statement on Friday.
Arvind Mediratta, who was the company's chief operating officer in India, was appointed as a senior vice president at its US headquarters in August.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

This Brand Grew More Than Google  Apple This YearYou are here: Home Corporates
Facebook Pips Google, Apple in Global Brand Growth Ranking
NDTV | Written By: Sandeep Saib | Updated On: October 25, 2014 14:34 (IST)
Aviation Regulator Acts Tough Against Troubled SpiceJet: Report
Facebook has jumped 23 positions this year in a ranking of the best brands around the globe with tech giants Apple, Google and Microsoft in the top five. Even with the iPhone maker leading the list for the second straight year, and Facebook far away at the 29th spot, the popular social networking player has outshined all other names in the list in terms of brand value growth.
Facebook saw the maximum year-on-year increase in brand value, according to the 2014 Best Global Brands report by Interbrand, a New York-based consultancy.
Brand value, which is estimated as the premium its customers are willing to pay as compared to its generic equivalent, of the social networking giant is $14.34 billion, says Interbrand. This is a whopping 86 per cent higher than the $7.73 billion in the 2013 edition of the report. ( See the ranking here )
The consultancy describes the "top riser" Facebook as "probably the first brand that comes to mind for most consumers when they hear the term 'social media'".
"Even though Facebook's user base growth has slowed down, innovations in ad format and delivery, and of course, its success in unlocking mobile revenue, have accelerated the company's growth," Interbrand says.
Menlo Park, California-based Facebook is headed by Mark Zuckerberg, who also features in a Forbes list of the youngest billionaires of America.
Second to Facebook in terms of brand value growth is German carmaker Audi, whose brand value is up 27 per cent at $9.8 billion. Audi is followed by e-tailing behemoth Amazon (25 per cent), Volkswagen (23.4 per cent) and Nissan (22.9 per cent).
Apple remained at the top with a 21 per cent increase in brand value at $118.9 billion. Coca-Cola, which had remained at the No. 1 position for at least 12 straight years, was pushed to the third spot in the 2013 edition of the Best Global Brands report by the iPhone maker along with Google.
Besides, Chinese telecom equipment maker Huawei was the only new tech entrant in the Best Global Brands ranking this year. Interbrand estimates its brand value at $4.3 billion.
"Best Global Brands is the definitive list of the world's most valuable brands," the brand consultancy says on its website.
"Since we opened for business in 1974, we have changed the way the world sees branding: from just another word for 'logo', to a business's most valuable asset, to business strategy brought to life."
Story first published on: October 25, 2014 11:38 (IST)

Four of a family stabbed to death in DehradunPrint
By: Express News Service | Dehradun | Posted: October 25, 2014 5:22 pm | Updated: October 25, 2014 6:25 pm
Harmeet Singh, 22, who allegedly stabbed to death four members of his family — his father Jai Singh, his stepmother Kulwant, his father’s adopted daughter Harjeet, 29, and Harjeet’s daughter Sukhmani, 3 yrs — in a house in Dehradun city’s Adarsh Nagar area on the night of Diwali festival, was produced before the court and subsequently, sent to jail on Saturday. He was sent to judicial remand for 14 days.
Police confirmed that Harjeet, whom Jai had adopted as his daughter, was pregnant. Harjeet had recently come to Jai’s house in Dehradun for delivering her third child. Her five-year-old Kanwaljeet son was also allegedly attacked by the accused Harmeet. However, he survived in this incident. All four persons were killed when they were asleep.
Jai, who was in the advertising business, had married two women and the accused Harmeet is his son from his second wife Anita who currently stays in UP’s Saharanpur city.  As per the police theory, Harmeet’s fear was that his father might transfer his properties to Harjeet who he (his father Jai) had adopted as his daughter.
The incident came to light on Friday morning after the domestic help had reached the house. Police said Harmeet had asked her to return from there on the plea that there was no water at home. She smelt foul play and shared it with Jai’s some neighbors. Police reached the house and recovered the bodies.
“Jai Singh was killed with brutality. There were several injury marks on his bodies,” the station house officer of Cantt police station V K Jetha recalled. He added police are examining the CDR (Call Detail Records) of the cell-phone. He confirmed that police have recovered the weapons which were used in this crime.
Police sources said Jai had ended relation with his second wife, whose son is the accused Harmeet, following a legal settlement. “After legal settlement about nine years back, Harmeet started living with his father Jai Singh in Dehradun. His mother stays in Sahranpur,” a source in the Dehradun police said.
Police are now on the job to collect evidences in support of its theory behind the killings of all the four persons. “We would interrogate Jai’s neighbors to collect information about the possibility of other persons’ involvement in this incident. Some neighbors told us that Jai was last seen around 11.30 pm on the night of Diwali festival,” a source in the Cannt police station said.

Govt Aims at 50th Spot in Ease of Doing Business Ranking: ReportIron Ore Imports Surge as Prices Fall
New Delhi: The government is aiming to improve India's ranking in the ease of doing business index to 50th position in the next two years from 134th at present.
The Commerce and Industry Ministry has already taken several measures and has proposed series of steps, including drastically reducing the time for registration of business to one day, single registration of all labour laws and cut in number of taxes to improve ease of doing business in India.
(Also read: Government eyes steps to improve business climate )
"Aim is to improve the ranking to 50th position in two years from 134th at present. Different government departments have already started consultation and deliberations on steps to improve India's ranking," sources said.
They also said that meetings would continue to remove all the barriers and simplify the cumbersome procedures related to approvals and clearance mechanism for business activities.
According to a World Bank report, India has slipped by 3 positions to the 134th spot in the latest 'ease of doing business' list, which is topped by Singapore.
The Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion (DIPP) has identified sectors and specific reforms that are urgently required to substantially improve India's ranking in ease of doing business. It has listed as many as 46 action points for different central government ministries and state governments for improving the business climate.
For the Corporate Affairs Ministry, it has suggested that the time taken in registration of business from existing 27 days be reduced to only one day as in Canada and New Zealand.
It has also called for doing away with the requirement of company seal and removal of minimum paid up capital for starting a business.
It has suggested introduction of Bankruptcy Law, Unified Insolvency Code, speedy constitution of benches under National Company Law Tribunal and fixing of a definite and predictable timeframe for rehabilitation and liquidation process.
Similarly, it has recommended reduction in number of taxes and permitting online payment of taxes, simplification of complex tax processes, expeditng implementation of Direct Tax Code, Goods and Services Tax, besides abolition of minimum alternate tax for Special Economic Zone (SEZ) developers and units.
Further, it has called for a uniform policy and procedure for all states for a single window clearance along with combined application form and single registration for VAT and other state taxes.
DIPP has also proposed timelines to implement these initiatives, aimed at attracting investments as part of the Prime Minister Narendra Modi's 'Make in India' campaign.
During the last three years, India received an average of $30 billion annual foreign direct investment (FDI).
India needs huge investments to give a boost to its manufacturing sector and to create millions of jobs.
Story first published on: October 25, 2014 18:44 (IST)

BJP plays hardball with Shiv Sena over govt formation in MaharashtraBJP plays hardball with Sena over govt formation
Dharmendra Jore , Hindustan Times  Mumbai, October 25, 2014
First Published: 18:34 IST(25/10/2014) | Last Updated: 01:13 IST(26/10/2014)
A confident BJP on Saturday prepared to form a government on its own in Maharashtra, refusing to accede to the Shiv Sena’s “unreasonable demands” in lieu of its support.
Advertisement
BJP insiders said the party would go ahead with a minority government instead of giving the Sena a big share of cabinet berths and important departments.
BJP, which emerged as the single largest party in the 288-member Assembly with 122 seats, has already been offered outside support by the 41-member NCP. It also has the support of another MLA. With 63 MLAs, the Sena is the second largest party in the house.
The Sena had earlier sought 14 berths but later scaled down its demand to 10. However, the BJP is not willing to give Sena more than 5 berths, the sources added.
The new government is likely to be sworn in at the Wankhede Stadium on October 29.
State BJP president Devendra Fadnavis, who is likely to be the next chief minister, held a meeting with senior leader Vinod Tawde and national joint general secretary V Satish on Saturday ahead  of their meeting with Prime Minister Narendra Modi in Mumbai.
They are expected to request Modi to let them go ahead without Sena. Union home minister Rajnath Singh is expected to visit the city on Monday for the electing the legislature party leader.
Amidst the talks of government formation,  senior BJP leader and union transport minister Nitin Gadkari met RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat at the Sangh headquarters at Nagpur on Saturday morning.
Gadkari met Bhagwat a day after Fadnavis had called on the RSS chief.
Though Fadnavis is seen as the front-runner for the CM’s post, over 40 party MLAs from the Vidarbha region are backing Gadkari for the top job.
When asked about the meeting, Gadkari said they discussed many important issues barring Maharashtra politics and the issue of chief ministership.

L&T Infra Debt Fund in talks to refinance Rs 1 000 cr road projectsl&t infra debt fund in talks to refinance rs 1 000 cr road projects
Markets closed on account of Diwali BalipratipadaMarkets closed on account of Diwali Balipratipada
SI Reporter | Mumbai Oct 24, 2014 09:13 AM IST
Trading segments including Indian equity, forex, money and commodity markets are shut today on account of Diwali Balipratipada.
 
The special ‘Muhurat’ trading session on Thursday to mark the beginning of Samvat 2071, the Hindu new year, ended with modest gains, but optimism and cheer was palpable among traders at BSE. 
 
During the 75-minute trading, the benchmark Sensex rose 63.2 points, or 0.2 per cent over its previous close, to end at 26,851.1. The 50-share National Stock Exchange Nifty added 15.8 points, or 0.2 per cent, to close above the psychological 8,000 mark, at 8,011.7. 
 
On Thursday, the BSE Mid-cap index gained 93.9 points, or 0.98 per cent, to close at 9,669.8. The BSE Small-cap soared 1.5 per cent to end at 10,668.0.
 
Foreign funds were net sellers in equities to the tune of Rs 12.38 crore on Thursday, as per provisional stock exchange data.
 
Analysts said the measures taken by the government on the economic reforms front in the past few days had inspired investors. And, if the Centre took more initiatives in the coming weeks, it would set the tone for another year of good returns, they said.
 
Global Markets: 
 
U.S. stock futures tumbled while safe-haven assets such as the yen and U.S. bonds gained on Friday after media reported that a doctor who returned to New York City from West Africa has tested positive for Ebola.
 
The Dow Jones industrial average gained 0.91%, to 16,549.21, whereas the Nasdaq Composite added 1.60% to 4,452.79.
 
Asian shares also lost some ground with MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan slipping 0.1 percent.
 
Japan's Nikkei share average also gave up some of earlier gains, though it was still up 0.79 percent on the day.
 
Similarly, Hand Seng and Shanghai Composite gained between 0.3-1.2%. However, Straits Times lost 0.4%.
 

Hackers take Ebola route to deceive peopleHackers take ‘Ebola’ route to deceive people
K V Kurmanath
Tweet
Hyderabad, Oct. 24:  
You must have received several spam mails from hackers offering to transfer huge sums from the RBI, British lottery or from that widower who is going to die of a terminal disease. Those who fall for the trap are duped by the hackers.
In the next few days, you may get mails with sob stories woven around Ebola, the dreaded disease that is giving sleepless nights to nations. Cashing in on the widespread fear of the Ebola virus worldwide, ‘Nigerian’ hackers have reworked their letters by weaving stories around the disease that hit the West African countries.
There has been a spurt in e-mails from ‘Nigerian’ scammers who have written letters with stories woven around the Ebola epidemic in the last two months, Moscow-based Internet security solutions firm Kaspersky observed.
“In July, the first reports about the Ebola outbreak in Africa appeared in the media. While the world's attention was focused on how to fight the epidemic and prevent it spreading further, scammers used the disease to create new stories. In September, we came across several mailings which mentioned Ebola,” a Kaspersky executive has said in the latest report on the spam mail.
The company cites an example of a mail about a rich Liberian lady dying from Ebola. “The mail contains a long story about her children who died from the virus and about the local medical centre which refused to help her. She was willing to donate more than $1.5 million to a recipient who would transfer this money to charities,” the executive said.
In order to make it look something serious, the spam writers would introduce themselves as employees of World Health Organisation. “The reader was invited to a conference where Ebola would be discussed. The recipient was also offered €3,50,000,” the executive said.
The catch here is the victims had to provide their personal data, exposing them to the fraud.
(This article was published on October 24, 2014)
Related

Uber Riders In NYC Not At Risk Of Ebola  Uber Saysreddit
The Uber driver who drove an Ebola-infected man on Wednesday night in New York is not at risk of contracting the disease, and neither is anyone who rode in his car afterwards, according to Uber.
Uber said Thursday on its company blog that it had been told by both the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) and the NYC Department of Health and Mental Hygiene (NYC DOHMH) that neither the driver or subsequent passengers were at risk of catching the disease.
Neither the CDC or the NYC DOHMH immediately responded to HuffPost's request for comment.
Here's the full statement from Uber:
We reviewed our records and were able to confirm that one of our driver partners in New York provided a ride to the patient yesterday evening. We immediately contacted the CDC and NYC Department of Health and Mental Hygiene (NYC DOHMH), which stated that neither our driver partner nor any of his subsequent passengers are at risk. We have communicated this to the driver, and the NYC DOHMH medical team met with the driver in person, assuring him that he is not at risk. Our thoughts are with the patient and his loved ones.
More:

E-commerce and FMCG stay out of each other s way  but only justE-commerce and FMCG stay out of each other's way, but only just
Viveat Susan Pinto | Mumbai Oct 25, 2014 12:48 AM IST
When major consumer electronics and durables companies had opposed the predatory pricing tactics of e-commerce counterparts in the run-up to Diwali, one group seemed unaffected by the noise.
They were fast moving consumer goods (FMCG) companies.  Hindustan Unilever, Reckitt Benckiser  and Procter & Gamble have not hesitated to take on new distribution platforms, such as modern trade, in the past. This time, they were conspicuous by their absence.
Analysts say the reason for the silence of these companies is due to minimal impact of e-commerce on FMCG. Gautam Duggad, vice-president, research, Motilal Oswal, says: "Online as a sales channel barely constitutes anything for an FMCG company. Even after 10 years, modern trade gives an FMCG company just about 10 per cent of overall sales. Traditional trade still remains the biggest channel of distribution for most FMCG companies in India."
The Rs 2.5 lakh crore FMCG sector depends largely on a network of neighbourhood or kirana stores, mid-sized and high-end traditional trade, pharmacies and speciality stores such as health care, beauty and cosmetics outlets. Modern trade, while offering the ambience, display area and space for companies to showcase their products, hasn't been able to go beyond 25-30 per cent of sales for certain premium categories such as cosmetics, beauty and skincare. Even imported products, especially imported foods, depend on a network of high-end traditional trade rather than modern trade for sales.
Arvind Singhal, chairman, Technopak says : "Online as a medium works well for those products where there is a high level of involvement and interest, like mobile phones or books. When it comes to staples, the involvement of consumers is not too high. They are also widely distributed in the offline world and it is easier and convenient for consumers to purchase these from a neighbourhood store than go online."  
Still, with the growing penetration of smartphones in India, companies are slowly but steadily waking up to the disruptive power of the online medium. Categories such as food and grocery are migrating online, with websites offering everything from deep discounts to one rupee daily deals to free home delivery to lure consumers. Karan Mehrotra, co-founder, LocalBanya.com, an online grocery store, says: "Our analysis of purchase behaviour shows that people will increasingly turn to the online medium for buying everyday products, since it saves them time and is easier to do."
However, Singhal of Technopak, which tracks the online medium closely, says this is likely only with those making fortnightly or monthly purchases. "The ones who make daily purchases or whose basket of consumption is not sizable will not turn to the online medium because it does not make sense for them to do so," he says.
Yet, companies are bracing for this new medium. A month ago, beverage major Coca-Cola India unveiled its new drink, Coke Zero, online before taking it offline. Cargill's India chairman, Siraj Chaudhry, also head of the food processing committee of the Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry, says he sees more such deals  happening online. “Coke Zero was promoted for two weeks on Amazon before it was launched in brick and mortar stores. This is a start to what will be a more established trend as we go forward. Initially, the smaller and niche products could be pushed online. As purchasing online grows as a habit, I won't be surprised if mass-market products are also pushed aggressively online, like they are in modern trade,” he said.
Most food & beverage companies are forming internal teams whose task is to talk to online marketplaces for exclusive tie-ups and deals for their products. And, beside e-grocers, bigger platforms such as Amazon are building food and beverage divisions in a bid to attract consumers and companies. A few years earlier, a similar realignment happened within FMCG companies when modern trade began growing in India. The wheel appears to have turned another circle.

Airlines  losses soar on high fuel costs in FY14Airlines' losses soar on high fuel costs in FY14
Sharmistha Mukherjee | New Delhi Oct 25, 2014 12:46 AM IST
For the year ended March this year, India’s top five domestic airlines reported combined losses of Rs 9,737 crore, an increase of 85 per cent compared with Rs 5,276 crore in the previous year.
But for IndiGo and GoAir’s combined net profit of Rs 323 crore, the losses would have stood at Rs 10,060 crore.
More than half the overall losses were accounted for by those reported by Air India. The state-owned airline’s net loss declined to Rs 5,388 crore in FY14 from Rs 5,490 crore the previous financial year. While Jet Airways’ net loss rose about sevenfold to Rs 3,668 crore, SpiceJet’s increased about four times to Rs 1,003 crore.
Experts said a rise in fuel costs, as well as currency depreciation, hit the earnings of all domestic carriers. While the losses of Jet Airways, Air India and SpiceJet widened in the last financial year, IndiGo’s profit dropped 60 per cent to Rs 317 crore. Wadias-promoted GoAir saw its net profit slump to Rs 5.44 crore from Rs 104 crore in FY13, according to data from the Ministry of Corporate Affairs.
The decline in IndoGo’s profit was despite the airline registering a 17.5 per cent increase in revenue at Rs 11,117 crore. For FY13, the airline had recorded a net profit of Rs 787 crore on revenue of Rs 9,458 crore. For GoAir, too, the sharp drop in net profit was despite its operating revenue rising 26.7 per cent to Rs 2,435 crore in FY14 from Rs 1,921 crore in FY13.
“Last year, the airline sector in India recorded a huge increase in ATF (aviation turbine fuel) price and severe weakness in the rupee against the dollar. These two components explain the erosion of profitability,” said a GoAir spokesperson. The airline’s earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation halved to Rs 129 crore, pointing to an increase in operating expenses. For FY14, it recorded a pre-tax profit of Rs 8.37 crore, against Rs 147 crore in the previous financial year.
For IndiGo, revenue growth in FY14 was slower due to price wars in the domestic market. Since January this year, the airline announced a slew of discounts, responding to flash sales by competing carriers, especially SpiceJet, which impacted operational income. In FY13, IndiGo had recorded 65.4 per cent growth in revenue. IndiGo’s average revenue per seat-km fell to 3.7 in FY14 from 3.78 in the previous financial year.
In FY14, overall domestic air traffic grew 4.4 per cent, with about 60 million passengers, compared with 57 million in FY13.
Between December 2012 and September this year, IndiGo has increased its market share from 25 per cent to 32.8 per cent.

Black money: HSBC list has 628 names  biggest amount $18 million with Mehta  Patel most commonBlack money: HSBC list has 628 names  biggest amount $18 million with Mehta  Patel most common
PM Narendra Modi inaugurates HN Reliance Foundation hospital in MumbaiNarendra Modi is welcomed by Nita Ambani, Mukesh Ambani and other memders of Ambani family on his arrival for the inauguration of HN Reliance Foundation Hospital in Mumbai. (Source: PTI)
Written by Tabassum Barnagarwala | Mumbai | Posted: October 25, 2014 7:11 pm | Updated: October 26, 2014 3:49 am
Taking ahead from his digital media campaign, prime minister Narendra Modi stressed on the need of upgradation in medical science and telemedicine in the country during the inauguration of the recently refurbished Sir Harkisondas Nurrotamdas Reliance Foundation hospital in South Mumbai Saturday evening.
“When our country is compared to other countries, the health care system in our country shames us,” Modi said. He added, “Instead of focusing on treatment of patients, the health care system must focus on preventive care. It takes less to invest in preventive care than in treatment.”
While addressing several Bollywood stars and political dignitaries, including Maharashtra governor Vidyasagr Rao, present at Sir HN Reliance Foundation Hospital’s inauguration, Modi emphasized on the urgent need to inculcate habit of hand washing as a preventive measure in the health care system. “The women and child mortality is still alarming in the country,” he said, adding that he read that  40 per cent child death in Pakistan is caused due to absence of hand-washing. “The roots of both the countries are the same and the situation is not very different in India,” Modi said.
After the launch of ‘Make in India’ campaign, Modi now encouraged the concept of foreign direct investment in the country’s health care system adding that telemedicine will benefit rural areas where expert knowledge can be used to conduct emergency surgeries. He also indicated that the Digital India campaign will be used to improve the telemedicine services in the country.
“It is not possible to bring sophisticated technology in general hospitals. FDI should be encouraged in bringing about medical equipment for benefitting rural areas,” he added.
Modi inaugurated almost 90-year-old heritage hospital located in the area of Khetwadi in South Mumbai. The hospital was refurbished by Reliance Foundation which joined the management of the hospital in 1997.

UP govt sacks 72 chairmen  advisors of state min rankUP govt sacks 72 chairmen  advisors of state min rank
Modi appreciates Tharoor s joining Clean India campaignModi appreciates Tharoor s joining Clean India campaign
Deutsches viral video banker© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3428a20c-5046-11e4-9822-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Irda slaps Rs 50 lakh penalty on ICICI LombardIrda slaps Rs 50 lakh penalty on ICICI Lombard
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Oct 24, 2014 06:34 PM IST
Insurance sector regulator Irda has slapped a penalty of Rs 50 lakh on general insurer ICICI Lombard for violating various norms during financial years FY 2011, FY 2012, FY 2013 and FY 2014.
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) has asked ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co to pay the fine within 15 days of the order issued today.
"...As directed under the respective charges, the penalty of Rs 50 lakh shall be remitted to Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) within a period of 15 days from the date of receipt of this order," it said in its order.
The insurer has been penalised for showing wrong entry, breaching lower limit of government securities, showing different documents for same policy, violating file and use guidelines and norms for reimbursement of infrastructure cost.
"The investment pattern as on February 13, 2009 shows that the government securities and other guaranteed securities including central government securities are at 28.87% instead of minimum required 30%," it said.
For delay in claims provisioning, Irda has directed the company to strictly comply with regulatory provisions and guidelines and said that any instances of under/non provisioning shall be dealt with sternly.
For booking business even after expiry of corporate agency licence, Irda ordered the company to have systems in place to block acceptance of business from any entity after expiry of the licence.
In the case of company's agreement with two airline operators and marketing three different products, Irda said that ICICI Lombard did not file a short statement giving the trade name of the products and components of products and fined it Rs 5 lakh.
A Rs 5 lakh fine was imposed for inconsistencies in the name of a product and its related benefits.

Grocery retailers look to digital to meet e-commerce competition head-onGrocery retailers look to digital to meet e-commerce competition head-on
Kalpana Pathak and Raghavendra Kamath | Mumbai Oct 25, 2014 12:50 AM IST
Reliance Fresh, the small-format grocery chain of Reliance Industries, is the latest to join the bandwagon after Foodhall, the Future Group’s premium food chain, forayed into e-grocery.
From being dismissive about the online sales, these brick-and-mortar grocery companies are testing the waters. “These are pilots. We have to discover the model and then fine-tune it,” said a Reliance Retail executive without divulging more.
“Online is a low-margin business and has a lot of supply chain issues. We do not have immediate plans for food and grocery apart from the Foodhall online ventures,” said Rakesh Biyani, joint managing director of Future Retail.
India’s retail spending is $525 billion a year and 66 per cent of this is on groceries. Industry observers said e-grocery was an attractive proposition for all players and Spencers Retail and the Aditya Birla Group could also venture online.
“Customers see value in shopping online in terms of saving time and a wider selection of stocks not offered by traditional grocers,” said Ashish Jhalani, founder of eTailing India, an e-commerce knowledge platform.
Existing e-grocers, Local Banya, Ekstop and Big Basket, are planning to expand. Ekstop, a Mumbai-focused portal, intends to offer its wares in four cities next year. “We will replicate our model in other cities,” said Sumat Chopra, co-founder and chief executive of Ekstop.com.
Chopra said online sales allowed his company to save 30 per cent costs of physical retailing. His 30-month-old portal receives 800-1,000 orders a day, has grown 20-30 per cent over the last quarter, and expects to break even by the middle of next year.
Bangalore-based Big Basket is also growing at 30-40 per cent every quarter and intends to launch services in Pune, Delhi and Chennai in the next four months. Big Basket has broken even in Bangalore and is looking to break even in Mumbai and Hyderabad in the next nine months. The portal has added cut vegetables and baked food to its assortment.
“The big challenge is getting good suppliers for fresh produce and maintaining quality and delivery on time,” said Vipul Parekh, co-founder of Big Basket. Last month, Big Basket raised Rs 200 crore from venture funds Helion Advisors and Zodius Capital.
This is where, experts said, brick-and-mortar players stood to gain. “Going online is the next logical step for physical retailers. Given their local presence, they can easily look at it,” said Arvind Singhal, chairman of Technopak.
India has almost 30 million online shoppers and a large chunk of them live in towns. Over the past five years these shoppers have begun to appreciate the obvious benefits of e-commerce: convenience, choice and competitive prices.
“Buying groceries eats up four hours of a homemaker’s time and shoppers are seeking more value from their time. Local Banya is responding to this need and most modern trade players will soon figure out a way to tap into this opportunity. Once we feel that the core of our business has been accepted we will look at diversification,” said a spokesperson for Local Banya.
Local Banya is racing towards an annual turnover of Rs 30 crore, growing 10-20 per cent per month on festivals and a good season. The portal serves Mumbai, Thane and Navi Mumbai, and is looking at expanding to at least five new cities soon. “Catering to eating habits in every city is unique. Expanding into another city is like starting the business from scratch,” the Local Banya spokesperson said.
Selling grocery online has its share of challenges though, the biggest being the need to have a separate supply chain. Parekh said the online formats of the Reliance and Future groups would need separate warehouses in each city. “Supplying from stores is tricky. It is difficult to decide which store to supply from and whether that  store has enough stock,” he added.
“They should have separate online supply chains. It will take a lot of effort,” Parekh said. "Any physical retailer getting into this business has to build scale separately. It is not plug-and-play with existing stores,” said Chopra.
 
Rakesh Biyani, joint MD, Future Retail says: “Online is a low margin business and has a lot of supply chain issues. We don’t have immediate plans for food and grocery apart from the Foodhall online ventures." 
 

Ford quarterly profits drop sharplyFord profits drop sharply as Europe disappoints
Andy Sharman, Motor Industry Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/785b89a8-5b7c-11e4-b68a-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Deutsche Bank to set aside further 1bnDeutsche Bank reserves further €1bn for litigation
Alice Ross
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/10c30a6c-5ba1-11e4-81ac-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Contract workers back to duty after NLC strike endsContract workers back to duty after NLC strike ends
BS Reporter | Chennai Oct 25, 2014 05:48 PM IST
With the 52-day long strike of the contract labourers coming to a settlement on Friday night, Navaratna company Neyveli Lignite Corporation (NLC) is expected to improve its operations gradually over the next few days.
The production, affected by the strike and the heavy rains in the past days, is expected to go back to normal, from around 1,200-1,300 MW at present, said company sources. The company has a capacity to produce around 2,740 MW.
The development comes after the strike by the contract workers, started in the beginning of September, was called off on Friday night, with an agreement reached between Joint Action Council of the 10 labour unions and the NLC management in a marathon meeting of over 10 hours.
According to union sources, the company has agreed to increase the wages of the unskilled labourers adding almost Rs 110 a day from Rs 370 per day and higher salaries to semi skilled and highly skilled manpower. The other allowances apart from the basic salary has also been increased, they added. This was agreed after several talks between the management and the unions in the presence of the labour department officials failed in the past weeks.
An agreement would be signed between the management and the workers in a meeting scheduled next week, said another union official.
 

Sundar Pichai to head Google s products businessSundar Pichai to head Google s products business
Egon Schiele: the Radical NudeEgon Schiele, Courtauld Gallery, London
Jackie Wullschlager
The artist’s nude portraits are even more daring and disturbing than when he created them a century ago
©akg-images/Museum of Fine Arts, Budapest
‘Two Girls Embracing’ (1915)
Is a revolutionary artist more effective when his radicalism becomes the new establishment, or when he remains unnerving?
The story of the 20th-century avant-garde, from Duchamp to Damien Hirst, is of shocks co-opted so quickly by museum endorsement that turbulence is tamed, sensation muted. The only modernist to whom we have not accommodated ourselves in this way is Egon Schiele.
It is not just that there is not a single Schiele in any British public gallery. It is that his raw, expressive nude portrayals of young girls, children and of himself just out of adolescence are today more, not less, disturbing than when he created them in Vienna between 1910 and 1918. This may be why the Courtauld Gallery’s terrific new show of works on paper, Egon Schiele: The Radical Nude, is the first solo UK museum exhibition devoted to the artist.
It is a myth that Schiele was unsuccessful during his lifetime. In 1915 museums were already buying extremely provocative pieces: the gouache/watercolour stunner of a naked lesbian couple with nipples and lips highlighted in lurid red, “Two Girls Embracing”, for example, a highlight of this show, lent by the Szepmuveszeti, Budapest. By 1918, queues of collectors wanted virtuoso drawings such as the dramatically foreshortened “Woman in Boots with Raised Skirt” here, the unbroken economical black crayon line and compressed organisation, focused on a single aggressive staring eye and flash of genitals, achieved with a rushed fluency suggesting an immediate, two-minute encounter between artist and model.
More
More exhibitions including The Infinite World of Dadamaino and Egon Schiele
We know, too, of the steady pre-1914 market for Schiele’s tremulously explicit drawings and watercolours of his fragile-looking young lover Wally Neuzil, distinguished by her widely-spaced eyes, generous mouth, piled-up auburn hair and willingness to adopt frank poses, legs wide open, hands lifting clothes to expose vulva and pubic hair as in “Woman with Black Stockings”. Neuzil herself delivered these to clients whose ribald remarks often reduced her to tears.
Although Schiele moaned that he “certainly didn’t feel erotic” making such drawings, the Courtauld’s excellent catalogue shows how their composition – the framing of penetrable body parts, positioning of hands in relation to genitals, striptease-like juxtaposing of fabric and flesh – derive undeniably from the pornographic photographs pervading Vienna’s visual culture, available in every coffee house, at this time. Child prostitution was also rife, and Schiele employed under-age models – skinny, waif-like, with emaciated arms and claw-like hands – for images that hover between seduction and pathos, such as “Seated Nude Girl with Pigtails”.
©Leopold Museum/Manfred Thumberger
‘Crouching Woman’ (1914)
Another regular model was his younger sister Gerti; aged 17 and 13, the pair ran away together to Trieste, following the route of their parents’ honeymoon. In “Seated Female Nude with Raised Right Arm”, Gerti is half-aware of her blossoming sexuality, half-absorbed merely in adjusting her luxuriant hair. Was Schiele, in the city where Freud was inventing psychoanalysis, engrossed in fantasies about childhood sexuality and incest, or drawing attention to abuse, or colluding with it, or simply pushing expressive realism to its limits? Whatever he was doing, it became more troubling as, in the 20th century, we all became Freudians.
By the 1940s and 1950s there were only a handful of collectors. At the first UK exhibition, at Marlborough Gallery in 1964, Oskar Kokoschka derided its organiser Wolfgang Fischer, “So you’ve been having a show of that little crook, that pornographer”, and the Burlington Magazine said the works resembled “inspired graffiti from some public lavatory”. Collector Benedict Silverman, who a little later displayed his Schieles in his New York penthouse, told me: “No one ever said, ‘Wow!’. People would walk away in distaste. ‘How can you live with these?’ was the response.”
Are we less reticent now? In an era obsessed by underage grooming and fears of childhood under attack from internet porn, I am not sure it is possible to look at Schiele without unease. Indeed, the only parallel I can think of for a great work of art increasingly disturbing us is the fraught responses to Vladimir Nabokov’s Lolita (1955). Yet just as no writer has depicted a vulnerable 12-year-old girl more tenderly than Nabokov, so no painter ever caught the innocent/knowing, awkward/manipulative contradictions of early teenage self-presentation as delicately, heartbreakingly, as Schiele.
©Fine Art Images/Heritage Images
The artist photographed by Anton Josef Trcka in 1914
The drama of emerging self-identity, writer and artist acknowledged, included sexuality, its power, confusion, even tragedy – as in Schiele’s striking, subverted Madonna motif, “Woman with Homunculus”, depicting a young girl casting us a sly, sexual glance as she pulls away in horror from a deformed child attached to her back.
Schiele’s own self-confrontations between 1910 and 1913 are brilliantly orchestrated. In precarious, histrionic poses, he is by turns feverishly animated, as in the frantically scribbled limbs and musculature of the tilted, gyrating “The Dancer”, or stilted and jerky as a puppet or mime, in the Museum of Modern Art’s ravishing “Standing Male Nude with Arms Raised, Back View”.
In the nervous, jagged outlines of “Standing Man”, Schiele is a bony beggar, rags falling off his back; the cadaverous “Self-portrait, Nude”, in muddy rust-browns and ochres, evokes flesh fallen away; arms and legs are truncated. “Nude Self-portrait in Grey with Open Mouth”, where contorted features and parted lips recall the despairing expression of Munch’s “The Scream”, takes the form of a crucified figure, the racked body a code for artistic suffering. No one had depicted the artist as ugly and decrepit before. What is staged, what authentic? This is the truth of the adolescent mind, searching, shifting, adopting extreme positions. But the formal achievement is precociously assured: deft use of colour; intensely articulated contours that make one feel viscerally flesh and sinew.
©Leopold Museum/ Manfred Thumberger
‘Nude Self-Portrait’ (1910)
Although Schiele had an easy war – as a guard in a camp of Russian prisoners, whom he drew – he grew up after 1914; there are fewer tormented self-portraits, and the beginnings of a greater monumentality emerged. The defiantly inelegant view of buttocks and hips, huge in relation to the receding shoulders and tiny bunch of hair, in “Female Nude, Back View”, and the hunched figure carved from a cocoon of emerald and blue drapery in the complex “Crouching Woman with a Green Headscarf”, are magnificently sculptural.
Aged 28, Schiele died in the Spanish flu epidemic of 1918; his final drawings were of his pregnant, dying wife, who predeceased him by three days. Benefiting from top loans, this concentrated show of an arrested genius is among London’s best exhibitions of 2014.
‘Egon Schiele: The Radical Nude’, Courtauld Gallery, London, October 23-January 18, courtauld.ac.uk
Photographs: akg-images/Museum of Fine Arts, Budapest; Leopold Museum/ Manfred Thumberger; Fine Art Images/Heritage Images/Getty Images
Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2014. You may share using our article tools.
Please don't cut articles from FT.com and redistribute by email or post to the web.

National Conference says not opportune time to hold J&K electionsBy: Press Trust of India | Srinagar | Posted: October 25, 2014 7:16 pm
National Conference on Saturday said it was not an opportune time for the elections in Jammu and Kashmir as the state was reeling under the aftermath of the
devastating floods and decided to hold deliberations to work on the future course of action for the party.
“Now that the Election Commission of India has in its wisdom announced the schedule for the elections in the state, the National Conference will internally discuss and decide the further course of action,” party General Secretary Ali Mohammad Sagar said.
Sagar said his party opposed the elections at this point of time because “we felt that this is not the opportune time as the people are battling the aftermath of the flood
tragedy that has befallen the state”.
The reaction comes after the Election Commission on the same day announced the date for assembly polls in the state. The five-phased election will be held between November 25 and December 20.
“This was the time to focus on relief and rehabilitation rather than go for polls. The preference of the NC has always been and will continue to be with the people of the state, their welfare and their well-being,” he said.
The NC leader said the choice was between people of the state and their sufferings on one side, and politics and elections on the other side.
“Since democracy is for the welfare of the people it was imperative to go by the will of the people. However, unfortunately the NC was in a minority on the issue with
political parties like Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and others giving preference to their craving for power than to the people,” he said.
Sagar said the party was confident that the people would reject these “anti-people” forces at the hustings.
“PDP has always been hungry for power and in its quest for power has always indulged in petty machinations to grab power through dubious means which have been more often than not anti-democratic and anti-people.
“However this time they crossed all limits by turning a blind eye towards the miseries of the people of the state in their blatant and shameless endeavour to build their dream castle of power,” he alleged.

12 Bizarre Ebola  Products  People Are Actually Trying To Sellreddit
Anytime Americans start to panic, you safely assume the opportunistic among us will concoct some creative ways to exploit the fear to their own financial benefit.  And when it comes to the most recent Ebola panic, people are getting particularly creative.
And yes, these items are actually being advertised for sale on the Internet.
For example, you can now purchase an "Ebola Personal Protection Suit."

Google vice president jumps from stratosphere  beating world recordGoogle vice president jumps from stratosphere  beating world record
http://usat.ly/1sLPSZGFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
6 networking tips for retirees
Getting your finances in order before you retire is not just important, it's crucial. But equally important is the emotional side. It is absolutely important that people go into retirement with a plan.
Post to Facebook
6 networking tips for retirees Getting your finances in order before you retire is not just important, it's crucial. But equally important is the emotional side. It is absolutely important that people go into retirement with a plan. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1wis80Q
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
6
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
6 networking tips for retirees
Rodney Brooks , USA TODAY 8:39 a.m. EDT October 22, 2014
Experts say networking can be even more important for retirees.
(Photo: Getty Images/iStockphoto)
264 CONNECT 130 TWEET 184 LINKEDIN 6 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Getting your finances in order before you retire is not just important, it's crucial. But just as important is the emotional side of retirement.
Financial advisers will tell you it is critical that you enter retirement with both a financial plan and a plan that lays out what you will do every day. Otherwise, you could end up looking desperately for something to do. Or, you could be totally dependent on your spouse for your daily activities — which just might account for the rising divorce rate among Baby Boomers.
Remember, people are living longer. So you are likely to live just as long in retirement as you did in your working life.
The key to that successful retirement is to make sure you have two plans — one a financial plan, and the other being what you will do for the rest of your life. And a big part of that latter plan is to make sure you stay connected.
Emily Sanders, financial planner and managing director of United Capital in Atlanta, says many people get social interaction at work. That's why it's such an issue when they retire.
"When they retire, unless they replace that with something else, they may feel a loss," she says. "Studies have shown that being in touch with other people helps them stay intellectually active, improves longevity and helps ward off dementia."
When you technically retire from whatever it is you've been doing, it doesn't mean you retire from life, says George Fraser, 70, corporate networking guru and author of Click: Ten Truths for Building Extraordinary Relationships. "You wouldn't retire and go to a rocking chair and sit and stare at television for 12 hours. You would be dead sooner rather than later."
Fraser says networking and staying involved is critical in every stage of your life. And it takes on added importance once you leave the workplace.
"Isolation can happen," says AARP family and caregiving expert Amy Goyer. "When people are isolated, research says they have higher health risks, and higher mental health risks. At AARP, it is a key issue, because it affects all the other issues.  You may not be taking care of your home. There may be health issues, home and safety issues. People who are isolated tend to not be eating as well and having good nutrition. It is a quality-of-life issue and also a concrete aging issue in terms of safety and well-being."
Fraser, who has 51,000 people in his network and has written and spoken on networking for 40 years, has six networking tips for retirees and pre-retirees.
1. Join retirement groups of like-minded people. Fraser suggests creating a business card with your name, address, e-mail address and that you are retired. "Let people know what you've been doing and who you were doing it for. When they look at that card, they see that you are of value — a retired plumber, retired electrician or  retired business owner. They appreciate you for the elder statesmanship and wise counsel you bring in your subject of expertise."
Jeff Warnkin, financial adviser with JL Smith Group in Avon, Ohio, says his company prepares business cards for newly minted retirees. "All during their working lives, they carried business cards. That was their identity."
John Gajkowski, principal at Money Managers Financial Group in Chicago, says many companies have retiree groups that meet on a regular basis. He tells clients to get involved with them. He says he has a client who retired 20 years ago from 3M but is still actively participating in a retiree group.
2. Develop a networking system. Fraser says he makes five calls daily to friends or family (warning them he has only 10 minutes); he contacts five new friends, people he has met through speaking engagements, church or other activities (usually by e-mail); and, lastly, he makes five introductions of people who need to know each other. "This is what I have been doing for 40 years. These are good habits. If prior to retirement you have not developed them, it would help you greatly to maintain and fuel new and interesting relationships in your life."
3. Develop a regimen of retirement activities. Fraser says his regimen includes social media on a daily basis for at least a half-hour, visiting websites such as AARP, LinkedIn or financial sites. He goes to at least one professional meeting weekly, where he will meet people from similar fields — whether in sales and marketing or finance. "You want to keep your finger on the pulse," he says. Quarterly, he says, you should do "casual contact networking" at an event where there are hundreds of people. It could be a flea market, a gun show, a Civil War show. And finally, once a year, go to an event outside of your local community, like a national conference. "Even at 70, I have an insatiable appetite for learning. I want to keep my mind active. The more active you  keep your mind, the better you are in warding off Alzheimer's."
4. Develop new streams of income. "Although you are retired, I still think that people should have an interest in developing new streams of income doing something that they love. The business of America is business. This is ice cream money. It is cruise money. It is also a way to keep your mind sharp and network with new people." But be careful, Sanders says. Earned income may have an impact on your Social Security.
5. Do the things you were always too busy to do. For Fraser, it has been learning about the financial system, stocks and mutual funds. "Learn about, dabble in and have fun with those things we were to busy to do while we were raising a family. Your life is consumed by that. The kids are gone and you're empty-nesters." Go to classes and meet like-minded people. "It is a way to keep active in spite of retirement."
Sanders says if there is a college nearby, consider non-credit courses. Universities usually let people 62 and over audit their classes, she says. And Gajkowski says he has lots of clients who go back and take classes at high schools or community colleges.
6. Read. Find book clubs. There are reading events at Barnes and Noble bookstores. Meet authors. "It's another great way to met people. I love reading, but I never had the time to read as much as I wanted to read. Make new friendships and stay alive and vibrant and interesting. That's one of the key ideas around retirement and networking. If you are interested in things, it means you are interesting. The more interesting you are, the more people you attract."
"In the old days, intellectual capital ended when we retired," says Warnkin. "Now, more than ever, retirees have a great opportunity, if not a calling, to document that experience. Social networking is a way to do it. It allows them to remain active."
"The last thing you want to be in life is boring," says Fraser. "No one wants to be around a boring person if all you talk about is weather and sports."
USA TODAY contributor Regina Lewis explains how to avoid retirement myths. (Money Quick Tips, USA TODAY)
264 CONNECT 130 TWEET 184 LINKEDIN 6 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1wis80Q

HDFC profit rises 7% to 1 358 cr; revenue up 12%HDFC profit rises 7% to Rs. 1,358 cr; revenue up 12%
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  Mumbai, October 22, 2014
First Published: 23:57 IST(22/10/2014) | Last Updated: 02:36 IST(23/10/2014)
India’s largest private sector mortgage lender, Housing Development Finance Corp, on Wednesday posted a 7% year-on-year rise in standalone net profit to Rs. 1,358 crore during the second quarter against Rs. 1,266 crore in the year-ago period.
Standalone revenue was up 12% to Rs. 6,635 crore in the July-September quarter.
On a consolidated basis, HDFC’s net profit gained 9% to Rs. 2,064 crore and total income was up 16% to Rs. 11,608 crore. The company’s major subsidiaries include HDFC Standard Life Insurance, HDFC Ergo General Insurance and HDFC Asset Management.
At the end of September 30, HDFC had a loan book of Rs. 2.12 lakh crore, compared with Rs. 1.85 lakh crore in the year-ago quarter.
“Of the total loan book, individual loans comprise 71%. Further, 81% of the incremental growth in the loan book during the period came from individual loans,” HDFC said.
Its total assets increased 13% to Rs. 2.38 lakh crore.
As of September 30, its gross non-performing loans stood at Rs. 1,472 crore, equivalent to 0.69% of the loan portfolio, versus 0.79% a year ago.

The Ebola Problem You Should Actually Worry Aboutreddit
If you get an email from a seemingly trustworthy organization about the Ebola virus in the coming days, beware. It could very well be a scam to obtain your personal info.
The emails look like they're from organizations like the World Health Organization. But when you click on its attachments, they install a DarkComet Remote Access Trojan (RAT) onto your computer, giving hackers access to your computer and the files on it. Here's an example of the phony emails that are being sent out:
Looks legit, right? Well, it isn't.
The United States Computer Readiness Team (US-CERT) released a notice last week about these scams, writing that "phishing emails may contain links that direct users to websites which collect personal information such as login credentials, or contain malicious attachments that can infect a system." US-CERT warns people to be wary of opening attachments or clicking links in emails from unknown senders.
It's actually pretty common for hackers to send out emails like these during major news events. To avoid getting hacked, you should never open or download an attachment from an unknown email address.
Cybersecurity company Symantec first found that people were sending Ebola-themed phishing emails last August, and the emails have continued since then.
In a blog post Wednesday, Trustwave, another cybersecurity company, released a list of email subject lines that are being used in these phishing emails. Be sure to avoid emails with subject lines similar to the following:
RE: Ebola Survival Guide
What you need to know about the deadly Ebola outbreak
So Really, How Do You Get Ebola?
Ebola virus outbreak: Curing Breakthrough Revealed?
SHOCKING Health Alert: Secret Cure for Ebola?
HEALTH NEWS: Secret Cure for Ebola?
Is there ANY way to cure Ebola?
First GMO foods, now Ebola. What Obama doesn't want you to know.
Ebola, GMO, What they don't want you to know.
SHOCKING Health Alert: Ebola is spreading
EBOLA Outbreak - FEMA Storing 250,000 Plastic Coffins
You won't believe what Obamacare & Ebola have in common.
Ebola Outbreak Now WORSE Than We're Being Told
Ebola & Obamacare - a match made in heaven.
CDC ALERT: 1.4 Million EBOLA Victims by January?
The #1 Food Items You'll Need In An EBOLA Crisis
SHOCKING Health Alert: Secret Cure for Ebola/
More:

J&K elections: Voting in 5 phases from November 25  counting on December 23J&K elections: Voting in 5 phases from November 25, counting on December 23
CNN-IBN | Oct 25, 2014 at  06:17pm IST
New Delhi: The Election Commission on Saturday announced the dates for Assembly polls in Jammu and Kashmir. The poll panel has announced a five-phase elections in the state.
The voting will begin on November 25. The second phase will be held on December 2, the third on December 9, the fourth on December 14 and the fifth phase on December 20.
ALSO SEE Jharkhand Assembly elections: Voting in 5 phases from November 25, counting on December 23
The counting of votes will be held on December 23.
The voting will begin on November 25. The second phase will be held on December 2, the third on December 9, the fourth on December 14 and the fifth phase on December 20.
With the announcement of the dates, the model code of conduct has immediately come into force in the state, the EC said.
Jammu and Kashmir is a militancy-hit state, with an extremely harsh winter, while Jharkhand is a Naxal-affected state. To ensure a free and fair voting, the Election Commission has come out with a month-long five-phase polling.
Unlike all other states in India, J&K goes to Assembly polls once in six years instead of five years. The last Assembly election was held in 2008. The National Conference (NC) and Congress coalition government has been in power in the state since then. However, the Congress is giving hints that it wants to sever ties with the NC ahead of the elections.
The main opposition PDP led by former chief minister Mufti Mohammad Sayeed is trying to come back to power this election.
Buoyed by the spectacular victory in the Lok Sabha and recent Assembly elections in Haryana and Maharashtra, Prime Minister Narendra Modi-led BJP is also trying to emerge as the single largest party in J&K.
J&K was recently-hit by a severe flood and is slowly limping back to normalcy. All efforts by the chief minister Omar Abdullah to get the polls postponed have failed after the Centre refused to do so.
The term of the Jammu and Kashmir Assembly ends on January 19.
Key players in the fray
Jammu and Kashmir:

Delhi by-polls on three seats on November 25: EC11
0
New Delhi: The Election Commission of India announced the dates for by-polls in three seats of 70-membered Delhi Legislative Assembly that went vacant due to the sitting members' elections as Member of Parliament in 2014 Lok Sabha Elections.
The assembly seats of Tughlakabad, Krishna Nagar and Mehrauli were occupied by BJP's Ramesh Bidhuri, Harsh Vardhan and Parvesh Sahib Singh respectively.
The by-polls of all the three seats will take place on November 25.
The assembly seats of Tughlakabad, Krishna Nagar and Mehrauli were occupied by BJP.
#delhi by elections #aap #bjp #congress
The Delhi assembly election results that were declared on December 8, 2013 ended up in a 'hung assembly' as both major parties, BJP with its 32 seats and AAP with its 28 seats, fall short of majority figure of 35 seats.
11

5-phase elections in Jharkhand  J-K from Nov 25 to Dec 20Assembly elections in Jammu and Kashmir and Jharkhand will be held in five phases between November 25 and December 20, it was announced on Saturday. Votes will be counted on December 23.
 
Jharkhand and Jammu and Kashmir will vote on November 25, December 2, December 9, December 14 and December 20, Chief Election Commissioner VS Sampath said at a press conference in New Delhi. By-elections to three Delhi assembly constituencies--which fell vacant after BJP legislators got elected to Lok Sabha--would also be held on November 25.
 
The BJP has high stakes in these polls: it hopes to form a majority government in Jharkhand, emerge as a strong player in J-K and retain all three assembly seats of Delhi that would keep the hope of government formation in the national capital alive.    
 
The Congress is hard pressed to retain Jharkhand and J-K after losing Maharashtra and Haryana to the Narendra Modi-led BJP. Its alliance with the National Conference (NC) in J-K broke up ahead of the elections and there is no clarity on whether it will go along with the Jharkhand Mukti Morcha (JMM) in the tribal state. Losses in J-K and Jharkhand would mean further marginalisation for India's grand old party, barely months after it was reduced to just 44 seats in the Lok Sabha.
 
Flood-hit Jammu and Kashmir
 
The ruling NC heads into the polls reluctantly, having asked for a deferment owing to floods that devastated the state.
 
The opposition Peoples Democratic Party would believe time is ripe to oust the NC. The BJP too would rate its chances bright, particularly after a strong showing in the parliamentary polls.
 
The PDP and the BJP won three Lok Sabha seats each, blanking out the NC and the Congress.
 
The BJP would be hopeful of a better performance in Jammu and Buddhist-dominated Ladakh, but the Valley must be a priority to achieve the majority mark of 44 in the 87-member assembly.
 
Hobbled by the floods, the NC would also face heat over street agitations, killing of youth, unemployment and even charges of corruption in the state's cricket association as the elections approach.
Read: After floods, J-K to brave cold for polls
 
The hanging of Parliament attack convict Afzal Guru too is expected to cast an emotive shadow on the elections.
 
Turbulent Jharkhand
 
The JMM-led alliance with the Congress and the Rashtriya Janata Dal has been in power for the last one-and-a-half years in Jharkhand, where the BJP must be fancying its chances of regaining power.
 
The BJP has not projected a 'face' in Jharkhand, but it has indicated a non-tribal may become the chief minister if party gets the majority. Every CM in the state has been a tribal.
 
In parliamentary polls earlier this year, the BJP won 12 out of the state's 14 seats. Modi had addressed nine rallies in Jharkhand ahead of the national elections and the state party unit, which has tasted power intermittently, would be hoping for an encore.
 
The BJP's performance in the Lok Sabha elections, computed across the state's 81 assembly seats, shows an impressive lead in 56 (70%) out of 81 seats with second position in 23 seats. Only in the remaining two seats, the party stands third. The majority mark is 41.
 
After 2004 and 2009, this will be the third assembly elections in Jharkhand, which has thrown up fractured mandates and seen political instability under coalition rules since its creation in 2000. No party has ever got a majority in the tribal state that has seen nine different governments and President's rule on three occasions.

Tharoor digs up dirt and dares Cong  joins  Swachh Bharat  campaignTharoor joins PM's 'Swachh Bharat' campaign
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  Thiruvananthapuram, October 25, 2014
First Published: 14:01 IST(25/10/2014) | Last Updated: 22:44 IST(25/10/2014)
Congress leader Shashi Tharoor on Saturday dared party leadership in Kerala by kicking off his ‘Swachh Bharat’ (Clean India) campaign on the outskirts of Thiruvananthapuram.
Shashi Tharoor kicks off 'Swachh Bharat' (Clean India) campaign on the outskirts of Thiruvananthapuram. (HT Photo)
Taking up Prime Minister Narendra Modi's Clean India challenge Tharoor joined locals in cleaning Vizhinjam port.
“Vizhinjam is a splendid beach. We will not allow it to become a dumping yard,” he said adding he would see that his initiative is followed up.
Tharoor was removed from the party spokesperson’s post two weeks ago after he accepted Modi’s challenge and thanked him for making him a part of the nationwide campaign.
The Congress leaders in Kerala had complained to the party high command saying Tharoor's praise of Modi demoralised party workers who worked against the BJP.
Shashi Tharoor takes part in Prime Minister Narendra Modi's Clean India drive. (Ramesh Babu/HT Photo)
Quoting Mahatma Gandhi’s words that sanitation was more important than independence he said cleanliness and development were not part of any ideology or colour.
“It is a national programme. The present dispensation has only changed its label. No politics in such a programme,” he said. 
Though many Congress workers and local leaders were present during Tharoor's cleanliness drive, none of the senior leaders attended.
 Watch: Shashi Tharoor takes part in PM Modi's cleanliness drive
Modi appreciates Tharoor
Meanwhile, Modi appreciated Tharoor for actively participating in 'Swachh Bharat' campaign, saying his effort is "very encouraging".
"A great effort by @ShashiTharoor! His active participation in Swachh Bharat Mission is very encouraging," Modi tweeted.
A great effort by @ShashiTharoor ! His active participation in Swachh Bharat Mission is very encouraging. #MyCleanIndia
— Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) October 25, 2014
He also re-tweeted the photographs showing Tharoor leading a group of people in clearing garbage at one place in Vizhinjam in Kerala.

Jharkhand Assembly elections: Voting in 5 phases from November 25  counting on December 23Jharkhand Assembly elections: Voting in 5 phases from November 25, counting on December 23
CNN-IBN | Oct 25, 2014 at 06:06pm IST
New Delhi: The Election Commission on Saturday announced the dates for Assembly polls in Jharkhand. The poll panel has announced a five-phase elections in the state.
The voting will begin on November 25. The second phase will be held on December 2, the third on December 9, the fourth on December 14 and the fifth phase on December 20.
The counting of votes will be held on December 23.
Jharkhand to vote in 5 phases beginning Nov 25, counting on Dec 23
With the announcement of the dates, the model code of conduct has immediately come into force in the state, the EC said.
Jharkhand is considered very sensitive when it comes to law and order. It is a Naxal-affected state and to ensure a free and fair voting, the Election Commission has come out with a month-long five-phase polling.
In its 81-member Assembly, JMM and Congress are running a coalition government for the past two years.
Before that, the BJP and the JMM ran a coalition government. The BJP swept the polls in the recent Lok Sabha elections and is expected to repeat the same performance in the assembly elections too.
The ruling coalition is facing a huge anti-incumbency.
The Jharkhand Assembly's term ends on January 3.
Key players in the fray
Jharkhand Mukti Morcha

National Conference says not opportune time to hold J&KelectionsBy: Press Trust of India | Srinagar | Posted: October 25, 2014 7:16 pm
National Conference on Saturday said it was not an opportune time for the elections in Jammu and Kashmir as the state was reeling under the aftermath of the
devastating floods and decided to hold deliberations to work on the future course of action for the party.
“Now that the Election Commission of India has in its wisdom announced the schedule for the elections in the state, the National Conference will internally discuss and decide the further course of action,” party General Secretary Ali Mohammad Sagar said.
Sagar said his party opposed the elections at this point of time because “we felt that this is not the opportune time as the people are battling the aftermath of the flood
tragedy that has befallen the state”.
The reaction comes after the Election Commission on the same day announced the date for assembly polls in the state. The five-phased election will be held between November 25 and December 20.
“This was the time to focus on relief and rehabilitation rather than go for polls. The preference of the NC has always been and will continue to be with the people of the state, their welfare and their well-being,” he said.
The NC leader said the choice was between people of the state and their sufferings on one side, and politics and elections on the other side.
“Since democracy is for the welfare of the people it was imperative to go by the will of the people. However, unfortunately the NC was in a minority on the issue with
political parties like Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and others giving preference to their craving for power than to the people,” he said.
Sagar said the party was confident that the people would reject these “anti-people” forces at the hustings.
“PDP has always been hungry for power and in its quest for power has always indulged in petty machinations to grab power through dubious means which have been more often than not anti-democratic and anti-people.
“However this time they crossed all limits by turning a blind eye towards the miseries of the people of the state in their blatant and shameless endeavour to build their dream castle of power,” he alleged.

Centre clears major defence deals to bolster armed forcesOct 25, 2014 at  08:44pm IST
Centre clears major defence deals to bolster armed forces
10
0
New Delhi: The Union government has cleared major defence purchases to bolster the country's armed forces.
The Defence Acquisition Council has cleared deals worth Rs 80,000 crore. Six submarines will be constructed indigenously under the 'Make In India' drive
The project is expected to be worth Rs 50,000.
In addition, anti-tank guided missiles for the Army will be purchased from Israel and Dornier aircraft for the Navy will be bought from Hindustan Aeronautics Limited.
0
more »
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Watch: The swanky new Sir HN Reliance Foundation Hospital unveiled in MumbaiNews360: Terrorists target 4 towns in Kashmir, 21 killed
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Only a healthy nation can be prosperous: Nita Ambani at Sir HN Reliance Foundation hospital inaugurationNews360: Terrorists target 4 towns in Kashmir, 21 killed
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Why You Should Be Busy Insteadreddit
Where I hang out online, there's a lot of talk about freeing up time, having shorter workdays, setting boundaries etc... I'm sure you're not new to this topic as well - the topic of carving out "me-time" and working towards that elusive "3 day work week" goal. Of course, that isn't everyone's goal. But I know I secretly look at these people and wonder how they do it. And where they spend all that extra time.
I know that many of these people are mothers who want to carve out more time for their children and family. But today, simplifying tasks for more time is such a hot topic that it extends not only to working mothers, but to every business owner. Don't get me wrong - I am all for simplifying systems and making life easier for yourself, but somehow the focus has been to save time for the sake of saving time, and to just avoid being busy.
It's almost as if busy has become some sort of dirty, undesirable word in the online entrepreneur sphere. It's kinda weird, but it's just what I've observed. Everyone's trying so hard to be "less busy."
But today I want to turn that on its head. I want to tell you that you should be busy instead, but you should know what to be busy for.
I believe these "simplifying" and "not busy" courses/talk started out with good motives. People genuinely wanted to escape the rat race of the corporate world, where you were busy for the sake of being busy - pushing papers, typing furiously on the computer for someone else's business. It seemed a daft idea to get away from the furious hustle of the 9-5 and get into a crazy world of 60-hour (or more) entrepreneur workweeks.
But did we forget something along the way?
Don't simplify for the sake of simplifying, or just because everyone else is doing it. Don't stop being busy because "busy" is being frowned upon.
Really know what it really is that you want to spend your time on. And be busy for that.
What we really wanted to run away from wasn't busyness. It was the stifling of our creative talents and our greater purpose. The knowing that we could do so much more on our terms that propelled us to escape the stability (or not-so-stable now) of a 9-5 and create our own freedom. Freedom of expression. Freedom of enjoyment. Freedom of choice.
I know that not all of us enjoy having only a 3-day workweek. I know that for some of us, our spouses/significant others are also enjoying their fulfilling careers as well. I know that not all of us have children. I know that for some of us, working 5 days a week is perfectly okay, and even enjoyable, because we're BUSY DOING WHAT WE LOVE TO DO.
Is it sad then, that we are trying to run away from more time with what we love to do? Now, don't get me wrong again - I am ALL FOR simplifying and spending more time with family. But this is subjective. For some, 2 days a week off is plenty. For others, 4 days sounds like a better idea. We chose this path precisely because we could choose what we wanted to do, not to just blindly follow someone else's notion of busyness.
I personally LOVE being busy doing what I love. I, too, set boundaries, and hate doing some parts of business. But the parts I love? Oh, I could go at them for days and not feel worn out, or burnt out, or sad.
It is all about intentional spending of your time. It is all about the legacy you want to leave. For some of us, being busy at what we love to do makes our lives so much better instead - we feel more fulfilled, more joyful, and more creative. We are constantly inspired and want to get our hands on something. There's nothing wrong about that.
Don't fight busy just because everyone else is fighting busy.
Fight for the things that matter most to you. That you want to spend your time on. That you want to look back and think, wow, am I glad I spent my time on this! and create something great that you want to leave behind. Be busy for that.
Create a custom, made-for-you schedule, and not one that's based on someone else's. Don't let someone else make you feel like a horrible mother, or an undutiful wife, or an unfeeling daughter just because they chose to do something different. We all have a way of eventually making our lives work for ourselves. You are getting there. You know what needs to be done and you are working on it, at the same time being busy at what you love.
You don't have to sacrifice one for another. You can create a perfect balance that works for you. There is no one-size-fits-all in business or life.
FIND YOUR DEFINITION OF BUSY:
Ditch everything you read about time management, about healthy work/life balance etc. for a moment. What feels right to you? How much time with your child a week feels right to you? How much time at work feels right to you? How much time do you spend on writing is good for you?
You see - when you try to use someone else's time frame/timelines, you are sacrificing quality. You will not be as present with your children as or you might not be as inspired as you might've liked to.
Write down all the things that matter to you. Your big ticket items in life. The things that you want to go into your legacy. Then rank them, and divide your time amongst them. Listen to your heart, and dedicate time intentionally to be busy for the things you love.
Being "not busy" is overrated. It is only bad for you if you are busy doing something you hate.
Remember, you call the shots. Act like it.
Follow Kara-Anne Cheng on Twitter: www.twitter.com/bykaraanne
More:

Nissan to recall 9 000 units of Micra  Sunny models in IndiaNissan to recall 9,000 units of Micra, Sunny models in India
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Oct 25, 2014 02:06 PM IST
Japanese auto major Nissan is recalling 9,000 units of its compact car Micra and mid-sized sedan Sunny in India to replace defective airbags as part of a global recall.
The recall will cover cars manufactured between 2008 to 2012 that use safety airbags made by its supplier Takata.
"Nissan plans to begin notifying customers soon. Nissan dealers will replace the driver airbag inflator with a correctly manufactured part at no cost to the customers for parts or labour," a Nissan India spokesperson said.
The global recall of 2,60,000 units by the Japanese auto major affects models, including Note, March/Micra, Sunny/Almera/Versa, Patrol and Cube.
These are affected by a driver airbag concern that Takata reported to Nissan, the company said.
Ever since auto industry body SIAM started voluntary vehicle recall for safety related issues in India in July 2012, over seven lakh vehicles have been recalled by various manufacturers including Maruti Suzuki, Mahindra & Mahindra, Toyota, Ford, Honda and General Motors.
Last month Maruti Suzuki India announced recall of 69,555 units of Dzire, Swift and Ritz models manufactured between March 2010 and August 2013 to repair wiring harness fitment.
In April this year, in one of the biggest vehicle recalls in India, Maruti Suzuki recalled 1,03,311 units Ertiga, Swift and DZire -- manufactured between November 12, 2013 and February 4, 2014 to replace faulty fuel filler neck.
Last year, General Motors India recalled over 1,10,000 units of its multi-utility vehicle Tavera to address emission and specification issues.
The government is in process of framing a mandatory recall policy that would entail penalties as part of the new Central Motor Vehicle Rules.

Gadkari meets RSS chief; says no discussion on Maharashtra politicsGadkari meets RSS chief; says no discussion on Maharashtra politics
Press Trust of India | Nagpur Oct 25, 2014 01:35 PM IST
Union Minister Nitin Gadkari today met RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat and discussed 'important' issues but said there was no talk on politics in Maharashtra where BJP is in the process of government formation.
The meeting took place a day after Maharashtra BJP president Devendra Fadnavis, said to be a front-runner for the Chief Ministership, called on the RSS chief.
The Lok Sabha MP from Nagpur came to Sangh building in Mahal in eastern part of the city on a two-wheeler.
"I met Sarsarsanghchalaji (Bhagwat). It was a routine visit during Diwali like every year. Yes we discussed many important issues barring the Maharashtra politics and the Chief Ministership," Gadkari told reporters after emerging out of the building.
The senior BJP leader's meeting with Bhagwat comes a day ahead of the high tea being hosted by Prime Minister Narendra Modi in Delhi on Sunday for NDA MPs.
Bhagwat was out of Nagpur when Gadkari arrived from Delhi early this week to a grand reception from BJP workers.
Post October 19 election result, which pitchforked BJP to the top of the heap with 123 Assembly seats (one of them won by an ally) in the 288-member House, a section of the new MLAs pushed Gadkari's name for Chief Ministership.
Three of them went one step further and offered to quit their seats so that the Union Transport Minister could get elected to the Assembly from one of them.
Though initially reluctant to return to state politics, Gadkari added fuel to the speculation of being in the race for the top job when he said he was willing to take any responsibility entrusted by the party central leadership.
On Thursday the 58-year-old former BJP President, who received Fadnavis at his residence on Diwali day, sought to clear the air on the issue, saying he was 'happy' in Delhi.
Fadnavis, who left for Mumbai today morning, met Bhagwat last night. The BJP MLAs are likely to meet in the next couple of days to elect their leader.
Both Gadkari and Fadnavis, who also hails from Nagpur, are considered close to RSS, which is headquartered in the city.

Jharkhand  J&K and Delhi to go to polls November 25Jharkhand, J&K and Delhi to go to polls November 25
BS Web Team | Mumbai Oct 25, 2014 04:19 PM IST
The Election Commission of India on Saturday said the three states of Jharkhand, Jammu and Kashmir, and Delhi would have Assembly elections on November 25, 2014. 
The last day for nominations is November 5, with scrutiny of nominatins to be completed by November 7, Chief Election Commisioner V S Sampath said at a Press Conference today.
The last date for withdrawal of nominations is November 10. 
Counting of votes will be on December 23, 2014, and results will be declared the same day.
The first phase of polling in  in J&K and Jharkhand is  on November 25 while the next phase is on December 2. The third phase of polling in the two states will be on December 9. 
The fourth and fifth phases of polling will be on December 14 and December 20 while counting will be done on December 23.
The model code of conduct into immediate effect with this announcement.
Sampath dispelled apprehensions expressed by the National Conference that holding the polls in J&K soon after the floods, and said that the post-flood scenario and aspects such as the onset of winter, the festive season and the law and order situation were factored in while deciding the poll schedule.
"Except for one political party, most of the political parties (in Jammu and Kashmir) were in favour of holding elections on time. They said there is no reason, no justification for delaying the polls. The EC's mandate is to hold elections on time," he said.
 

ISL: AIFF suspends Atletico de Kolkata coach  Fikru and PiresPress Trust of India | Oct 25, 2014 at  05:30pm IST
Both the players and the coach were involved in ugly altercations during an ill-tempered match between Atletico de Kolkata and FC Goa at Margao on October 23. (ISL)
New Delhi: Cracking the whip, the All India Football Federation on Saturday suspended head coach of Atletico de Kolkata Antonio Lopez Habas for four matches while two players Robert Pires and Fikru Lemessa have been banned for two matches for breaching disciplinary code during the ongoing Indian Super League.
Both the players and the coach were involved in ugly altercations during an ill-tempered match between Atletico de Kolkata and FC Goa at Margao on October 23.
Apart from the suspensions, all three have been fined Rs five lakh by the AIFF's Disciplinary Committee for breach of Disciplinary Code related to Offensive Behaviour and Fairplay.
Predipkumar Bhaktawer, goalkeeper coach of Atletico de Kolkata, has been suspended for next one match of ISL and fined Rs 30,000 for breach of League Rule 22.2.
Appeal, if any, can be made within four days of the announcement of AIFF Disciplinary Committee decision.
Antonio Lopez Habas, Head Coach of Atletico de Kolkata has been suspended for next four matches of Indian Super League and fined Rs 500,000 (Rupees Five Lakh) for breach of All India Football Federation Disciplinary Code (Article 58) of Offensive Behaviour and Fair Play for the second time," the ISL said in a release, ending speculation on the fate of the well-known coach.
Antonio Lopez Habas was previously summoned with a warning by the AIFF?s Disciplinary Committee under its Article 58, earlier on October 18.
"Robert Pires of FC Goa has been suspended for next two matches of Indian Super League and fined Rs 5,00,000 (Rupees Five Lakh) for breach of All India Football Federation Disciplinary Code (Article 58) of Offensive Behaviour and Fair Play," the release said.
"Fikru Lemessa of Atletico de Kolkata has been suspended for next two matches of Indian Super League and fined Rs 500,000 (Rupees Five Lakh) for breach of All India Football Federation Disciplinary Code (Article 58) of Offensive Behaviour and Fail Play," it added.
Latest News

Investors eye Egypt energy opportunitiesInvestors eye energy opportunities as Egypt slashes subsidies
Heba Saleh in Cairo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9bbd461a-5380-11e4-929b-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

US seeks Egypts help to counter IsisUS seeks backing from Egypt in battle against Isis
By Geoff Dyer in New York and Heba Saleh in Cairo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6e1dfd72-44cf-11e4-9a5a-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Iraqi Officials: Islamic State Used Chlorine GasIslamic State Used Chlorine Gas During Fighting, Iraqi Officials Say
 | By                                                                QASSIM ABDUL-ZAHRA and SAMEER N. YACOUB
Posted:
reddit
BAGHDAD (AP) — Islamic State militants used chlorine gas during fighting with security forces and Shiite militiamen last month north of Baghdad, Iraqi officials said on Friday.
The use of chlorine gas as a weapon adds a new concern to the turmoil in the country. The reports, if confirmed, would be the first time the Sunni extremists attempted to use chlorine since their blitz earlier this year that seized large chunks of territory in northern Iraq and neighboring Syria.
Three Iraqi officials — a senior security official, a local official from the town of Duluiya and an official from the town of Balad — told The Associated Press that the Islamic State group used bombs with chlorine-filled cylinders during clashes in late September in the two towns.
The militants have failed to capture both Duluiya, 75 kilometers (45 miles) north of Baghdad, and Balad, 80 kilometers (50 miles) north of the Iraqi capital.
In the attacks, about 40 troops and Shiite militiamen were slightly affected by the chlorine and showed symptoms consistent with chlorine poisoning, such as difficulty in breathing and coughing, the three officials said. The troops were treated in hospital and quickly recovered.
The senior security official said it was most likely that the Islamic State fighters obtained the chlorine from water purification plants located in the areas they had overrun earlier. Iraqi intelligence has indicated that the IS group has some shells filled with chlorine and they are ready to be used, the official also said.
"The IS fighters seized some quantities of chlorine after seizing control of some water purification plants or sites where chlorine was kept," said the senior official, adding that the "IS group has some experts who were able to manufacture chlorine shells."
The three officials, who spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak to media, did not elaborate or provide more details. The use of chlorine by the IS group in Iraq in September was first reported by the Washington Post.
Chlorine, a chemical used in industry and water purification process, was first introduced as a chemical weapon at Ypres in World War I with disastrous effects because gas masks were not easily available at the time.
In neighboring Syria, a joint U.N. fact-finding mission sent to investigate alleged chlorine attacks was ambushed and briefly detained by armed men earlier this year in rebel-held territory. The mission had said it was virtually certain chlorine had been used as a chemical weapon in the country's north.
Syrian President Bashar al-Assad had agreed with the United States and Russia to dispose of his chemical weapons — an arsenal that Damascus had never previously formally acknowledged — after hundreds of people were killed in a sarin gas attack on the outskirts of the capital, Damascus, in the summer of 2013. But chlorine was not listed as part of the Syrian arsenal.
Chlorine gas, when inhaled, swallowed or exposed to through skin causes difficulty in breathing, coughing, and eye and skin irritation. It is not as toxic or effective at killing as sarin, a nerve agent, and experts say it is difficult to achieve high concentrations of chlorine by dropping it from the air.
In 2011 in Baghdad, hundreds of people were sickened by a chlorine gas cloud that leaked over the Iraqi capital after an explosion at a water treatment plant.
Also on HuffPost:

Happy New Year sees the best opening everHappy New Year sees the best opening ever
BJP workers geared up to fight Assembly pollsBJP workers geared up to fight Assembly polls
BJP shying away from polls in Delhi: Congress  AAP17
0
New Delhi: Aam Aadmi Party and Congress on Saturday accused BJP of running away from assembly elections in Delhi, soon after Election Commission announced bypolls for three assembly constituencies in the city.
BJP, however, rejected the criticism. AAP and Congress said announcement of bypolls in Delhi clearly indicated that BJP was "scared" to dissolve the assembly and hold fresh elections.
"BJP is running away from elections in Delhi. AAP is fully ready for the byelections.
AAP and Congress have been demanding dissolution of Delhi assembly to pave the way for holding of fresh polls.
#bjp #congress #aap
"I am really really amazed that despite tall claims of 'Modi wave', why is BJP so scared of calling elections in Delhi?," AAP leader Arvind Kejriwal tweeted.
AAP and Congress have been demanding dissolution of Delhi assembly to pave the way for holding of fresh polls. "My sources - BJP's internal survey shows that if Delhi elections were held today, AAP would get overwhelming majority," Kejriwal said.
Delhi Congress Chief Spokesperson Mukesh Sharma said announcement of byelections "reflected" BJP's reluctance to hold fresh polls.
"The Home Ministry has not recommended dissolution of the assembly as BJP is reluctant to face election. If there has been a Modi-wave, then why the party ias shying away from facing the polls," Sharma said.
He reiterated Congress' demand of immediate dissolution of the assembly and said it will not allow BJP to form a government adopting unfair means.
"Elections must be held in Delhi immediately. There is no other option to end the political uncertainty," he said. BJP, however, welcomed the announcement of by-elections.
3

BJP welcomes announcement of poll schedule for J&KPress Trust of India | Oct 25, 2014 at 09:43pm IST
Jammu: Welcoming the announcement of poll schedule for Jammu and Kashmir on Saturday, BJP said it is ready for the elections and is confident that it will form its first government in the state.
BJP state president and MP Jugal Kishore Sharma said the party leadership and activists at the state, district, mandal and booth levels are ready for these elections. The party welcomes the announcement of the poll schedule, he said in a statement.
The Election Commission announced a five-phase election to the state assembly beginning November 25.
The Election Commission announced a five-phase election to the state assembly beginning November 25.
"Some political parties were opposing holding of the polls on one pretext or the other as they were feeling isolated and insecure and did not have courage to face the people of the state in the elections," he alleged.
"As far BJP is concerned, the party cadre is ready to go to the public. Our Mission 44+ will be achieved and BJP will form its government for the first time and create history in Jammu and Kashmir," he said.
Tweet
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com - All rights reserved

Hemant Krishan Singh: Different kinds of partnershipHemant Krishan Singh: Different kinds of partnership
Hemant Krishan Singh |  Oct 25, 2014 09:50 PM IST
On assuming office, Prime Minister Narendra Modi inherited a foreign policy marked increasingly by drift and uncertainty in the face of a sinking economy, growing global challenges and far-reaching changes in the power dynamics of Asia. With characteristic self-confidence, Mr Modi has since rapidly restored India's stature in the international arena and redefined the terms of its strategic outreach to major powers.
While handling important summit meetings with precision and poise, Mr Modi has struck a fine balance between transformative and transactional elements to build subtly differentiated partnerships with Japan, China and the US. This augurs well for the forthcoming round of regional and global summits on which he will embark in November.
The PM's brand of strategic ambition has several distinct components. It is aimed at restoring India's credibility. It signals pragmatic engagement of all major powers, each on its own merit. It raises India's profile by leveraging the soft power of democracy and the universal values that India upholds. It signals the full alignment of foreign policy with India's domestic economic goals, security interests and global aspirations. It marks the interjection of India's role and responsibility in shaping the Asian and global power balance. It displays flexibility on economic engagement, firmness on meeting security challenges and resolve in safeguarding India's "core" sovereign and territorial interests. And finally, it promises the rapid operationalisation of commitments made with foreign partners, as witnessed by the constitution of a "Japan Plus" team and Core Group within a month of Modi's Tokyo visit. Each component is driven by strategic intent.
A new "Modified" framework for strategic engagement to advance India's national interests is emerging.
The foreign ministry has tended to use the terminology of "strategic partnership" rather liberally and without appropriate categorisation. There is need for much greater rigour to shape the nature of these partnerships in line with long-term global assessments and a long-overdue national strategic doctrine.
If India is to build genuine "strategic partnerships", these need to be better understood and defined.
Various categories of mutually beneficial partnerships can come into play when there are congruent interests between countries in multiple domains.
However, a far more accurate definition of "strategic partnership" would be a broad convergence of interests between two countries which has the capacity to fundamentally impact the balance of power to their mutual advantage, regionally and globally. In other words, this transformative element of serving each other's fundamental national interests is inherent to relations between strategic partners. Commitments are reciprocal, so trust and credibility become indispensable.
Evaluated against this definition, distinctions among the strategic partnerships which Mr Modi has sought to advance become clear.
India and Japan share democratic values and a commitment to each other's national strength and economic vitality. They have a common vision of a balanced regional security order with strong normative frameworks to underpin economic prosperity in an Asian Century. Together, they can make a lasting contribution to Asia's power balance, security and stability.
With the United States, PM Modi has restored strategic direction and engaged vital constituencies to sustain a long-term strategic partnership. Apart from affirming support for Mr Modi's domestic agenda and India's economic rise, the Modi-Obama summit has signalled transformative change in bilateral defence and defence industrial cooperation, as well as security cooperation to advance shared interests in regional peace and stability, both bilaterally and in conjunction with other Asia Pacific partners like Japan. India-US relations may continue to witness some short-term stress, but in the long term their interests are more than likely to be aligned.
In comparison, the "strategic" threshold signalled by the India-China summit has restricted bandwidth. India and China have a strategically important relationship with cooperative, competitive and adversarial components, not a "strategic partnership". Mr Modi went out of his way to welcome the Chinese President but made it clear that even progress on economic relations would be difficult to sustain in the face of repeated Chinese border transgressions and the absence of progress in resolving the boundary dispute.
While we can reserve judgment on the future of India's partnerships with the European Union and Russia till after the next India-EU and India-Russia summits, constraining factors are already emerging. With the EU, there can be meaningful economic engagement but the "strategic" element will be limited as the EU lacks the capacity or the inclination to help shape the balance of power in Asia. Russia's importance for India in the areas of defence and energy will continue, but long-term prospects will depend on what kind of Asian order Russia will support.
Meanwhile, India's strategic horizon has already expanded. Taken together, the outcomes of the summits with Japan and the US have enlarged the scope of India's commitments on regional stability and security. If India is to measure up, it will need to scale up contributions to the power equilibrium in the Asia Pacific. It will also need to forge new strategic partnerships in Southeast Asia to support regional order and stability.
The PM recognises this responsibility. In his address to the Combined Commanders Conference on October 17, he observed that the world is looking at India with renewed interest and there is "a universal current of expectation from India to emerge not only as one of the poles of the global economy, but also as one of the anchors of regional and global security".
The EAS summit in Myanmar and the G-20 summit in Australia next month will provide further opportunities for Mr Modi to continue his transformative impact on India's strategic partnerships. Aspirational India will stand to benefit.
The author is a former ambassador to Japan. He is currently at ICRIER, New Delhi

B Dasarath Reddy: Andhra yet to solve the land puzzle for new capitalB Dasarath Reddy: Andhra yet to solve the land puzzle for new capital
B Dasarath Reddy |  Oct 25, 2014 09:48 PM IST
The Andhra Pradesh government on Wednesday took the first concrete step to develop a new capital city, with its nodal agency, Incap (Infrastructure Corporation of AP), inviting global bids for the selection of a programme advisory and management consultant (PMAC) for the purpose.
The agency said the interested parties have to submit their applications within two weeks. "The government of AP has decided to establish a greenfield capital city for the new state near the cities of Vijayawada and Guntur in areas of about 30,000 acres. It is also decided to notify a large region surrounding the capital, including five-six municipalities and several villages as a metropolitan development region," the notification said.
According to the document, the government's vision is to create a vibrant, diverse, inclusive and modern city, which is not only a glowing symbol of pride for all the people of AP but also a magnet for skilled migrants from across the world.
The state government had formally announced in August 2014 that the state capital would be developed around Vijayawada, though during a recent visit to Guntur, Chief Minister N Chandrababu Naidu stated that Guntur district would house the new capital.
There was a lot of speculation over the exact size and location of the land that the government was looking at for this purpose in the intervening period. While the modalities for land acquisition and other formalities were still being worked out by the government, the authorities had quietly conducted a land survey in five mandals - Mangalagiri, Tulluru, Tadikonda, Tadepally and Amaravathi in Guntur district and in Kanchikacherla mandal in Krishna district. The survey, which had covered the land south of the Krishna river, about 10 km away from the river bank, was the first definite step in identification of areas for a possible acquisition.
Earlier, the government had constituted two committees - one with industrialists and party MPs for the purpose of suggesting ways to raise resources and the other one with ministers and secretaries to finalise the modalities of the land acquisition. The government had clarified that the land acquisition would be done only through a land-pooling mechanism, though the modalities for the same are yet to be announced.
At a recent meeting held by the chief minister, it was reportedly decided that the government would offer 40 per cent of the developed land to the farmers. But this 40 per cent share is calculated after keeping aside around 40 per cent of the total extent of land towards roads and other infrastructure. Based on this calculation, a farmer will get a 1,000-sq-yard plot for every 4,800 sq yard (one acre) land he is willing to part with under the pooling system. But no official orders were issued in this regard.
"The idea was to first sensitise the farmers on the advantages of the land-pooling system before announcing the modalities," a government official said. Though the Cabinet sub-committee was slated to visit these areas from October 17 this year to interact with farmers on this aspect, the tour programme was put off for the time being.
According to some, the idea of moving towards Amaravathi and nearby mandals in Guntur district was fraught with challenges. The government needs to deal with a large number of farmers as the size of a land-holding in this rich delta area is just around two-three acres and also prone to flooding.
The vaastu sastra is said to be one of the reasons as to why the government had preferred these areas over the Nuziveedu area, which not only has around 50,000 acres of government and forest land, but is located far above the mean seal level compared to the Amaravathi region. Nuziveedu, a mandal headquarters in Krishna district, is located north of the Krishna river.
The government had announced public-private partnership as the preferred mode for execution, while it mulls over introducing municipal bonds for raising funds.
The spatial concept master plan along with special development control regulations/zoning regulations for the city and the region would be ready in nine to 12 months, according to the Incap notification. There is no clarity on how much money the Centre would give for the project.
Officials in Delhi reportedly told the state government that it should first provide information about the location and the plan of the capital city before seeking clarity on funding, according to some reports.

Steven Johnson: Ebola s information paradoxSteven Johnson: Ebola's information paradox
Steven Johnson |  Oct 25, 2014 09:46 PM IST
On August 28, 1854, a six-month-old girl known to history as "Baby Lewis" fell ill with cholera in the London neighbourhood of Soho, at that point one of the most densely populated, and poorest, neighbourhoods in the city. Bacteria from her stool contaminated a well on Broad Street, and within a matter of days, the most terrifying outbreak of cholera in the history of London had erupted. By the time it ended, several weeks later, one-tenth of the neighbourhood's population had died.
The story of the Broad Street outbreak is perhaps the most famous case study in public health and epidemiology, in large part because it led to the revolutionary insight that cholera was a waterborne disease, not airborne as most believed at the time. But there is another element of the Broad Street outbreak that warrants attention today, as popular anxiety about Ebola surges across the airwaves and subways and living rooms of the United States: not the spread of the disease itself, but the spread of information about the disease.
It was a full seven days after Baby Lewis became ill, and four days after the Soho residents began dying in mass numbers, before the outbreak warranted the slightest mention in the London papers, a few short lines indicating that seven people had died in the neighbourhood. (The report understated the growing death toll by an order of magnitude.) It took two entire weeks before the press began treating the outbreak as a major news event for the city.
Within Soho, the information channels were equally unreliable. Rumours spread throughout the neighbourhood that the entire city had succumbed at the same casualty rate, and that London was facing a catastrophe on the scale of the Great Fire of 1666. But this proved to be nothing more than rumour. Because the Soho crisis had originated with a single-point source - the poisoned well - its range was limited compared with its intensity. If you lived near the Broad Street well, you were in grave danger. If you didn't, you were likely to be unaffected.
Compare this pattern of information flow to the way news spreads now. On Thursday, Craig Spencer, a New York doctor, was given a diagnosis of Ebola after presenting a high fever, and the entire world learned of the test result within hours of the patient himself learning it. News spread with similar velocity several weeks ago with the Dallas Ebola victim, Thomas Duncan. In a sense, it took news of the cholera outbreak a week to travel the 20 blocks from Soho to Fleet Street in 1854; today, the news travels at nearly the speed of light, as data traverses fibre-optic cables. Thanks to that technology, the news channels have been on permanent Ebola watch for weeks now, despite the fact that, as the joke went on Twitter, more Americans have been married to Kim Kardashian than have died in the United States from Ebola.
As societies and technologies evolve, the velocities vary with which disease and information can spread. The tremendous population density of London in the 19th century enabled the cholera bacterium to spread through a neighbourhood with terrifying speed, while the information about that terror moved more slowly. This was good news for the mental well-being of England's wider population, which was spared the anxiety of following the death count as if it were a stock ticker. But it was terrible from a public health standpoint; the epidemic had largely faded before the official institutions of public health even realised the magnitude of the outbreak.
We hear it said constantly that modern society is uniquely vulnerable to the threat of a pandemic because of the global connectedness of air travel. Yet we rarely pause to consider the other side of our global connectedness: the speed of information, which has been increasing at a much faster rate over the past few decades than the speed of airplanes has. With the H1N1 pandemic of 2009, for instance, a virulent new strain of the flu was identified in a rural Mexican community, and within a matter of days health organisations around the world had been notified, and were trained to identify the new virus.
Thanks both to technology and to the essential work of institutions like the World Health Organisation and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, we can alert the world to potential threats from a single smartphone. This is particularly true in countries, like the United States, with mature public health institutions, but it is also true in countries like Nigeria that were able to act quickly on early information about Ebola victims and contain the outbreak within weeks.
So this is the strange paradox of the modern epidemic: The speed of information is both our greatest defence against a true epidemic in a city like New York, and it is the source of constant, nagging anxiety that creates the - entirely incorrect - sense that we live in unusually perilous times. A New Yorker or Londoner is far less likely to perish from an epidemic disease than he or she would have been 150 years ago. We are vastly less at risk and at the same time we are more worried - for the same reason.
Information travels faster than viruses do now. This is why we are afraid. But this is also why we are safe.
©2014 The New York Times News Service

BJP does not have the grace to admit they did a U-turn'BJP does not have the grace to admit they did a U-turn'
P Chidambaram |  Oct 25, 2014 09:44 PM IST
NDTV: Arun Jaitley in an interview said to me the Congress and the media had got his initial statements wrong. He said he is going to disclose all the names. However, he said names will be disclosed to court. He said he has a basic agreement with Swiss authorities that once independent investigations have been done in India, there will be co-operation and he said expect big Congress names... How do you respond to Jaitley's comments?
P Chidambaram: Firstly, no one got it wrong. The affidavit filed in the Supreme Court clearly was a U-turn on the position that the BJP had taken. When we had told the court that under the bilateral agreements we cannot and should not be asked to disclose the names until charges are filed or prosecution is launched, the BJP criticised us. In fact, I remember a statement by Narendra Modi on February 17, where he said the finance minister is paying lip service to the cause and that when he comes to power they will disclose the names and they will bring back the black money in 100 days. So nobody got the BJP wrong. The BJP does not have the grace to admit that they did a U-turn, but that's for the people to judge.
NDTV: But Jaitley is saying he will disclose the names, so how is it a U-turn?
P Chidambaram: It's no change in the position of the UPA, we also said we will disclose the names once prosecution is filed or once charges are framed. That's the position they criticised. Now they are adopting the same position. Apart from it being a right position in law, they should not have criticised the position that we had taken.
NDTV: So you are supporting the position they have taken saying they have no choice but to take this position?
P Chidambaram: I'm not supporting the position, I'm only saying it is the only right position that you can take if you don't want to jeopardise your bilateral treaties. But whether the Supreme Court will accept it we don't know. They didn't accept it when we said it, we'll see if they'll accept it when the BJP government says it.
NDTV: Two things. One, Jaitley says all of you have got it wrong because we are going to disclose the names to court shortly. In the several years that the names were with you, you did not disclose them to court. You did not disclose any names?
P Chidambaram: Wrong again. We disclosed 18 names to the Supreme Court and it asked us to give those names to (Ram) Jethmalani and those names were given to Jethmalani. Those were the only cases where prosecution or charges have been launched.
NDTV: You are saying the BJP position today is identical to the position you took when you were in government?
P Chidambaram: Yes
NDTV: But there is one difference and that difference is that the finance ministry today is saying we had some progress with the Swiss authorities…
P Chidambaram: Who started that process? I started the process.
NDTV: But you didn't get progress
P Chidambaram: No, no we did, we pushed them to a point after several very strong letters, that if you don't share the information, we are going to raise it in the G20. I raised it in the G20, the G20 Final Declaration had a paragraph on sharing information and it was specifically directed towards Switzerland and similar tax havens. In fact, the Swiss, who usually attend the Summit by invitation, conveniently absented themselves in the last meeting.
Be that as it may. So we pushed them to a point where they finally said all right, we will either disclose the names where you've had independent evidence gathered or we will tell you the reasons why we cannot disclose the names. Now the agreement that they've entered into 10 days ago, when the revenue secretary visited Switzerland, is exactly that: we will disclose the names if there is independent evidence gathered by India or we will tell you the reasons why we cannot disclose the names.
NDTV: So you're saying that you question the fact that there has been greater movement on the black money issue under the BJP? There's been an SIT (special investigation team) formed... Hasn't the government shown more responsiveness, more alacrity on the issue than your government?
P Chidambaram: I don't think so. The order on forming an SIT, I think, if I remember it right, was passed by the court on the May 1 and I had said to my officers that this decision must be left to the next government after the election. So it so happened that the BJP came to office and they formed the SIT.
NDTV: But the formal agreement between the revenue secretary and Swiss authorities announced, as you said 10 days ago in Berne, would you say that you managed to obtain a similar agreement in writing, officially?
P Chidambaram: That's what I'm trying to say, the formal writing is not there.
NDTV: So you had a de facto understanding but they have a formal agreement?
P Chidambaram: We pushed to a point where they said "Yes, we will enter into such an agreement"... I could not (go public) because there was an election, there was a change of government, those 2-3 months there was no delegation visiting Switzerland.
NDTV: So you had a private understanding that you could not reveal to the public.
P Chidambaram: Not a private understanding but our negotiations and the pressure that we built through G20 brought the Swiss to a point where they said yes this is the understanding we will reach, and we will enter into an agreement.
NDTV: You have not seen the names?
P Chidambaram: I did not ask to see nor was I shown the names...
Edited excerpts from an interview with former Finance Minister P Chidambaram by Barkha Dutt of NDTV, New Delhi, October 24, 2014.
Printed with permission from NDTV

5 Things Baby Boomers Need To Know About Bitcoinreddit
If you're like most Americans, you've heard about Bitcoin and are downright confused by it.  If you're from my generation, you may be envisioning men with very thick glasses hunched over an IBM mainframe beaming money up to the Battlestar Galactica.  But if you read my columns, you likely love innovation and are eager to learn.
So, in terms earthlings can understand, here are five things to know about Bitcoin:
1) It's e-mail for money.  Just like e-mail, no one owns the system on which Bitcoin sits.  And just like Google built Gmail or Microsoft built Hotmail on top of the e-mail system, certain companies have made Bitcoin easier to use by building platforms on top of the system.
2) It removes the middle-man.  Did you know that every time you use your credit card to buy an ice cream cone there are multiple companies taking a lick before the merchant gets his piece?  Bitcoin has no middle-man, hence you don't have to pay one.
3) Bitcoin accounts may get hacked.  Bitcoin may be used to buy drugs.  Companies that use Bitcoin may go bankrupt.  It's not infallible.  There is risk, just like anything else you do in life.  See what happened to JP Morgan recently?  But there are lots of very smart people working to mitigate those risks.
4) It's a volatile investment, with tremendous upside and tremendous downside.  It's not for everyone's portfolio.  Before you put any money into it, you should speak with a professional advisor who has done his or her diligence.  Most haven't, but those that have are members of the Digital Currency Council - a professional association for forward thinking advisors with an expertise in Bitcoin.  There will be many vendors creating products/services that will surround this new crytocurrency.  Let's see how it all shakes out.
5) Remember when you questioned why anyone would ever need a cell phone unless they were selling drugs on the street corner?  But then over time you realized that cell phones could be useful and convenient.  The same will happen for Bitcoin.  You may not see it yet, but in five years you'll wonder how you lived without it.
Signing off from the Battlestar Galactica flying high above earth, I'm April Rudin.  Thanks for reading my blog.
Oh, and did you see that Walter Isaacson of Time Magazine believes Bitcoin will save journalism?
Follow April Rudin on Twitter: www.twitter.com/TheRudinGroup
More:

How Text Messages Change From Dating To Marriagereddit
Way back in October 2008, my now husband and I went on our first date. On our one year anniversary, his gift to me was a Word doc of all of our text messages since our first date (what he likes to refer to as #thegiftofdata). This was especially high tech back in the day (given that we both had feature phones) and what I considered to be the most thoughtful gift ever (given that we are both nerds).
To celebrate our six year anniversary, I decided to take his present to the next level. I took a look at all of our text messages from our first year of dating and compared them with our text messages from the past year as an engaged couple and then newlyweds. I started by looking at the words we used in our text messages six years ago versus present day.
First of all, we can clearly see that my husband has an obsession with the word "home." As for me, my early twenties self frequently started conversations with the term "hey," and more recently I seem to have decided to no longer greet my husband, but instead agree with most of the things he texts me.
I then looked at the frequency of specific terms we used in our text messages when we started dating compared to the past year.
Our conversations changed from "hey, what's up?" to "OK, sounds good." We stopped saying each other's names in our text messages. We don't say "love" as much anymore. Several words stayed relatively consistent over the years though, such as "home" and "dinner." I took a look at the actual text messages that contained these words, and found that although the terms stayed the same, the context they were used in actually changed over time.
The main difference is that while we were dating, we didn't see each other every day, so a lot of our communication had to happen via text. We'd often message the other person to see what they were doing or tell them that we were thinking of them. As a married couple, since we're together all the time, we set up date nights and say sweet things to each other in person, so texting is mostly used to confirm logistics or share random thoughts.
Since the content of our text messages changed so much, I decided to look and see if the time of day we'd send text messages to each other changed as well. I focused on the messages we sent each other during the month after our first date, our engagement and our wedding.
While we were dating, we started thinking about each other around 3 p.m. in the afternoon and we'd send each other text messages until 3 a.m. in the morning. As a married couple, our texting schedule has pretty much flipped. We text all through the workday and never at night.
We see the same story here. As a new couple, since we were apart the majority of the time, we had to check in with the other person every now and then, especially during the evening and late at night when we had no idea who they were with! It was also to tell the other person that we were out late doing something cool without them... and wishing they were there, of course.
As a committed couple, the only time of the day that we aren't together is during the workday, so that's when we text. We know exactly where the other person is each evening and if we're doing something cool, it's likely that we're in it together and telling each other about it face to face.
Overall, our text messages started out very flirty and personal. Since we were new in our relationship, we made sure the things we said were interesting and thoughtful. As our relationship progressed, we spent more time together and got more comfortable with each other. Our text messages became more predictable, but only because all of the unpredictable things were said in person. We no longer have to text "I love you" from a distance in the middle of the night. I can now roll over, snuggle with my husband and whisper it into his ear.
To my husband: happy anniversary and I hope you enjoy your 2014 version of #thegiftofdata.
Alice Zhao is a data scientist who writes regularly at adashofdata.com
Follow Alice Zhao on Twitter: www.twitter.com/adashofdata
More:

Facebook CEO dazzles with MandarinMark Zuckerberg
Facebook CEO dazzles with Mandarin
During a business conference seminar at Tsinghua University in Beijing, Mark Zuckerberg discussed Facebook's China plans in Mandarin. His language skills stunned the audience.
During a business conference seminar at Tsinghua University in Beijing, Mark Zuckerberg discussed Facebook's China plans in Mandarin. His language skills stunned the audience.

Editorial: Minding The MonitorE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Editorial: Living with FTAsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

London property: the break clause© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/d2e83710-5a94-11e4-8625-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Editorial: Plenty of room to e-xistE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Mobile messaging apps eating into telcos SMS revenueMobile messaging apps eating into telcos’ SMS revenue
Rajesh Kurup
‘Unfair competition’ leads to 20-30% SMS drop in the last 15 months
Mumbai, October 23:  
Usage of the short messaging service (SMS), the most-widely used mobile application across the world, is on the wane in India, thanks to cannibalisation by over-the-top (OTT) applications such as WhatsApp and Skype.
Over the past 15 months, there has been a 20-30 per cent fall in SMSes, an erosion caused largely by OTT apps.
“It’s cannibalisation…. Apart from impacting revenues, OTT applications are also cluttering the network,” says Hemant Joshi, Partner at Deloitte Haskins & Sells.
The flipside is that OTT apps need a data service, which mitigates the operator’s revenue loss to an extent.
Unfair competition
“It’s unfair competition as OTT apps use the highway (infrastructure and network) created by the service providers,” says Joshi. OTT apps help in exchanging text, audio and video content over the Internet. The commonly used OTT apps are BBM, Facebook Messenger, WeChat, WhatsApp and Hike. There are free video and voice calling apps such as Skype and Viber, and social media platforms such as Twitter.
“SMS as a category is declining as OTT applications are eating into it. It is actually a behavioural issue that is happening in the industry,” says Raju Vanapala, CEO of free SMS portal Way2sms.com.
Way2sms.com buys SMS from operators at 22 paisa each and provides it free-of-cost. The company, which has more than 40 million users, gets its revenue from advertisements.
In India, about 8-10 billion SMSes are sent on an average day, mostly commercial messages across the total mobile user base of 905 million and some landlines.
According to a Juniper Research study, operators worldwide will lose $14 billion to OTT services this year, a 26 per cent increase from 2013.
So, is the SMS on its last leg? “While a large number of SMS users are moving into OTT apps, a similar quantum is sending SMSes for the first time. So, it’s being compensated,” claims Himanshu Kapania, MD of Idea Cellular.
However, OTT applications have not made much of an impact on voice revenues.
(This article was published on October 23, 2014)
Related

Industry response to Ebola quickensIndustry response to Ebola quickens
Andrew Ward in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/73319d1c-5abb-11e4-8625-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

3 Ways to Tap Social Media to Fuel Business Resultsreddit
If you're a small business owner and you want to pack more punch into your PR, sales and recruiting efforts but don't have a million dollar budget, I have a little secret to share.  Social media can add some pedal to your metal, and you may already have the resources in place to get started for little cost.
Many companies realize they "need" to "do" social, but they're not really sure what it means, how it fits into their business model or how it impacts business results. Couple this with the fear of doing it wrong and lack of dedicated resources to manage the efforts, and social media gets put on the back burner again.
Social media is both an art and a science, and with the right amount of focus, planning and execution, it can open up new avenues to communicate your message to the (targeted) masses and turn your employees into powerful storytelling forces.
Let's take a look at three important areas of your business where social media activity can reap rewards. But before we dive in, there's one very important thing to remember. Social media is all about connections! Even with all the communication tools today, we sometimes forget how to truly connect. Your goal should be to educate, entertain and engage your social media communities without asking for anything in return.
Amp Up Your Public Relations
The bottom line is this -- social media can supercharge your PR campaigns. So where do you start and how do you unlock the potential? You start by understanding who you're trying to reach and what messages will resonate with them. Then take a look at your communications and PR plans and ask yourself where social media can be integrated. Can you get creative with an upcoming product announcement? Can you reach people through social media to promote your presence at an upcoming industry conference? Can your executives' speaking schedules be promoted on social media? Social media integration should be part of your planning, not an idea you add-on at the end.
Now, take a look at the content you already have at your disposal-- I bet you'll be pleasantly surprised at all you have to work with. Even if content feels old to you, it should be considered for reuse and repurposing. I call it "deconstructing" the asset. Turn an article into a company blog post, make quotes and statistics stand out with quote cards on Facebook, share business insights in a LinkedIn post. Once you've (re)created your assets, continue to drive awareness by posting them multiple times, highlighting a different part of the message each time. Don't get overwhelmed by the need to create new content - find ways to increase the mileage you get out of what you already have. The latest Vocus State of Public Relations report showed that 78% of PR professionals that responded use social to share content and more than 50% of them use social 58 percent use social to follow trends and share media coverage.
Here are some tips to help you get started:
Monitor social conversations. What are people talking about? Turn trending topics into content.
Create a video. Conduct a quick interview with your team or a client or a new employee. Videos don't have to be professionally-produced to be effective.
Build a list. "Best" or "worst" tips, recommendations or myths related to your industry.
Conduct original research. Poll customers and/or your social media community.
Rev Up Your Sales Revenue
Social media can be intimidating even to the most experienced sales person. But keep your eyes on the prize: what social offers is a chance to build trust with potential customers. At its core sales is about building and maintaining relationships, and social media offers another way to do just this. Social listening is "the process of monitoring digital media channels to devise a strategy that will better influence consumers." A recent study by WebDAM found that 43% of companies found a customer via LinkedIn and 52% via Facebook.
My personal experience with social listening paid dividends. While leading the social media efforts at a global technology company, I worked closely with our lead generation team to find ways to engage potential customers through social media. We studied hundreds of posts on Twitter and LinkedIn to identify common themes. We listened to what people were saying about the industry, which gave us valuable information. By tracking people's issues and business pains we were able compile a list of "keywords." For example, "My streaming video keeps cutting out!" or "Apologies - our website is down after being hacked" yielded keywords related to the company's technology solutions in those areas. My team set up Twitter lists to monitor social media for conversations that used these keywords and then used them to connect via Twitter or LinkedIn with a personalized email that offered a solution. We tracked every interaction in our CRM system and after a few months of activity, the results showed that we were capturing new leads and closing deals.
Find New Candidate Nirvana
Social media can play a key role in attracting new talent. While the number one thing candidates are looking for is job opportunities, they also want to know what it's like to work somewhere.
Here are 3 ideas to showcase your brand's personality and drive top talent to your company:
A picture is worth a thousand words. Images offer a way to tell
prospective candidates your company's story. Entice them with photo albums that show them your company's culture: 'Employee of the Week,' 'The Faces behind our New Hires,' and 'A Peek Inside Our Office.'
Say goodbye to the traditional job description. Limit your basic "we're hiring" social media posts that only talk about the job title with ones that bring the job to life. Deconstruct the job description - turn it into tweets, a blog post, a short video, etc.
Have new hires blog about their first few months on the job to give an inside look at what it's like for new employees.
Social media at its core simply provides a new place to communicate, but its rapid growth has left many unsure of how to use it and unable to learn as quickly as new social media channels arise. Take a little time to identify the right social media audiences for your company, unearth your best content and engage in a bit of social "listening", and you'll be on your way.
This article is a part of a series exploring communications and media trends in honor of the inaugural Communications Week , a week-long series of events celebrating the communications industry, held from October 20-24, 2014. Follow @CommsWeekNY.
Post by Jennifer Donovan, the founder of Nova Communications. You can reach her at (@jendonovansf).
Follow Communications Week on Twitter: www.twitter.com/CommsWeekNY
More:

UK banks axe branches in favour of digitalUK banks axe branches in favour of digital model
Emma Dunkley and Martin Arnold
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5ea06dae-5adb-11e4-8625-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

UK firm gets mandate for TAPI pipelineE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Vietnam PM s India visit to focus on increased economic activitiesHi Guest
Vietnam PM's India visit to focus on increased economic activities
Increased economic engagement will be the focus during Vietnamese Prime Minister Nguyen Tan Dung's visit next week even as India was examining the Vietnamese offer of additional oil blocks for exploration in the South China Sea. Noting that the two countries have exceeded their trade target set for 2015 ahead of schedule, officials in the Ministry of External Affairs on Friday said while the two sides have mature defence and security cooperation architecture, the focus of Tan's visit would be ...

Lower bad loan costs boost CaixabankOctober 24, 2014 1:49 pm
Caixabank profit rises sharply on lower bad loan costs
Ian Mount in Barcelona
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1907a332-5b6e-11e4-b68a-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Amazon: discipline out of stock© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/8b2fa686-5af5-11e4-8625-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Clearer pictures from Mars Orbiter soon: OfficialClearer pictures from Mars Orbiter soon: Official
Tesco using India IT hub to stay aheadTesco using India IT hub to stay ahead
Paswan asks states to monitor qualityPaswan asks states to monitor quality
Rail line sparks Jerusalem tensionsRail line becomes lightning rod for tensions in Jerusalem
John Reed in Jerusalem
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5babc08c-59fd-11e4-be86-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

5% growth rate remotely not enough : Chief Economic Adviser Arvind Subramanian5% growth rate remotely not enough : Chief Economic Adviser Arvind Subramanian
Cameron defies 2.1bn EU surchargeDavid Cameron angry over €2.1bn EU surcharge
Alex Barker in Brussels and Chris Giles and George Parker in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c190d932-5b6f-11e4-b68a-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

China to open more sectors to investment for growthChina to open more sectors to investment for growth
China s president Xi Jinping pledges $81 million in Ebola aidChina s president Xi Jinping pledges $81 million in Ebola aid
Markets brace for ECB stress testsMarkets brace for ECB stress tests
Christopher Thompson, Capital Markets Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/95c80784-5b84-11e4-b68a-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Wall St. little changed as Microsoft offsets AmazonS&P 500 posts worst day since Oct; energy shares sink
Reasons to be thankful
US economy keeps looking better despite a surprise drop in consumers confidence
US economy keeps looking better despite a surprise drop in consumers confidence
By Caroline Valetkevitch, Reuters
The state and city pensions would be solvent now if the state and city had put in there share and this sustained rise in the market.
ch47fixer
125
The S&P energy index <.SPNY> tumbled 3.9 percent and traded at its lowest since June 2013 as Brent crude  fell to a five-year low on predictions oversupply would keep building until next year. Leading the decline, shares of Exxon Mobil  fell 2.3 percent to $91.70 while shares of Chevron  dropped 3.7 percent to $106.80.
The energy index is now down 12.8 percent for the year and is the only major S&P sectors in negative territory for 2014. [O/R] The S&P 500 is up 11.5 percent for the year so far.
Most growth-oriented sectors also fell, suggesting investors were avoiding riskier areas of the market.
Meanwhile several of the year's biggest gainers also sold off, possibly due to year-end profit-taking, said Michael James, managing director of equity trading at Wedbush Securities in Los Angeles. Among them, Apple  was down 2.3 percent at $112.40, while GoPro  shares fell 6.3 percent at $67.65.
"This has been a monster market, and it's been eking out new records. So it's taking a breather. The question is, is the U.S. equities versus other asset classes trade done," said Uri Landesman, president of Platinum Partners in New York.
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> fell 106.31 points, or 0.59 percent, to 17,852.48, the S&P 500 <.SPX> lost 15.06 points, or 0.73 percent, to 2,060.31 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> dropped 40.06 points, or 0.84 percent, to 4,740.69.
The tumble follows gains Friday, which had pushed the S&P 500 to a record high close for the 49th time this year.
Volume picked up after midday, while the S&P 500 moved more than 21 points from its high for the day to its low, its largest high-to-low swing in more than a month.
On the New York Stock Exchange, 71 more stocks made 52-week lows compared with those making new highs, the largest gap skewed in favor of new lows since Oct. 16, the day after the market made its bottom in the recent pullback.
Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by 2,180 to 919, for a 2.37-to-1 ratio on the downside; on the Nasdaq, 2,048 issues fell and 699 advanced for a 2.93-to-1 ratio favoring decliners.
McDonald's  shares shed 3.8 percent to $92.61 after the fast-food restaurant chain reported a steeper-than-expected fall in global same-restaurant sales in November and said fourth-quarter results would be hurt by a supplier scandal in China and a stronger dollar.
About 7 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges, compared with the 6.6 billion average for the month to date, according to data from BATS Global Markets.
(Editing by Bernadette Baum and Meredith Mazzilli)

Kim praises New Yorks Ebola responseUS governors order Ebola quarantine
David Crow in New York and Robin Harding in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c26f24c6-5b88-11e4-a674-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

U.S. nurse who had Ebola is virus free  say U.S. health officialsNina Pham in a still taken from a video in her isolation room at Texas Presbyterian Hospital in Dallas on October 16, 2014. (Source: Reuters)
By: Reuters | Washington | Posted: October 24, 2014 9:17 pm
A Dallas nurse who contracted Ebola is now free of the virus, U.S. health officials said on Friday.
Nina Pham, who contracted the disease while treating a man who later died of Ebola in a Dallas hospital, had been undergoing treatment at the National Institutes of Health in Bethesda, Maryland, since Oct. 16.
The NIH scheduled a Friday news conference to discuss Pham’s discharge.

Ebola quarantine rules weighed as N.Y. sees 1st caseBy Mark Berman and Juliet Eilperin October 24 Follow @markberman Follow @eilperin
Police set up a barrier in front of The Gutter bowling alley in Brooklyn, New York, after a person later diagnosed with Ebola visited. (Jewel Samad/AFP Getty Images)
The federal government is considering altering the protocols for doctors and health-care workers who return to the United States from West Africa, authorities said Friday.
“It’s one of the questions the federal government is thinking through,” New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo (D) told Fox 5 in New York .
A federal official said that the idea of quarantining medical workers who participated in the Ebola response in West Africa was being considered, but said no decision had been made.
While the idea of a quarantine is being considered, Josh Earnest, the White House press secretary, emphasized that officials are still determining whether it is medically justified.
“These kinds of policy decisions are going to be driven by science,” he said.
A New York City Police officer stands at the entrance to Bellevue Hospital. (Bryan Thomas/Getty Images)
The possible change would come in the wake of Thursday’s diagnosis of Craig Spencer , a doctor who had treated Ebola patients in Guinea, one of the countries at the heart of the Ebola epidemic.
Spencer, 33, returned to the United States last week and began feeling ill on Tuesday. He was taken to Bellevue Hospital on Thursday after reporting a fever of 100.3 degrees that morning and gastrointestinal problems.
But as federal officials consider a possible change, authorities in the New York area announced that they would take more immediate action. Medical personnel returning to New York and New Jersey from the Ebola-riddled countries in West Africa will be automatically quarantined if they had direct contact with an infected person, officials announced Friday.
New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo (D) and New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie (R) announced the decision at a joint news conference Friday at 7 World Trade Center.
“The steps New York and New Jersey are taking today will strengthen our safeguards to protect our residents against this disease and help ensure those that may be infected by Ebola are treated with the highest precautions,” Cuomo said in a statement.
They said that public-health officials at John F. Kennedy and Newark Liberty international airports, where enhanced screening for Ebola is taking place, would make the determination on who would be quarantined. Anyone who had direct contact with an Ebola patient in Liberia, Sierra Leone or Guinea will be quarantined.
A medical worker in New Jersey quarantined following her arrival at an airport after treating Ebola victims in West Africa has tested negative for the virus. However, she will continue to be under a mandatory 21-day quarantine under the new policy. (Reuters)
In addition, anyone who traveled there but had no such contact would be actively monitored and possibly quarantined, authorities said.
Laurie Garrett, a senior fellow for global health at the Council on Foreign Relations, said in an interview that while it made sense for returning medical workers to take voluntary steps to isolate themselves upon their return to the United States, concern over Ebola’s transmission in the West had begun to interfere with volunteers’ ability to contain the outbreak at the source.
“For everybody that’s professionally trying to go to the three epidemic countries, the situation has become more difficult with each passing day and each Ebola case — or alleged Ebola case — named in the United States,” Garrett said. “We’re in a crisis actually that imperils the entire effort to stop the epidemic that is completely about the fear of countries that have no known epidemic.”
Not only have many airlines curtailed flights to the three countries most affected by Ebola, Garrett noted, but nearly every major insurance carrier has now canceled medevac coverage for individuals choosing to travel there.
“This whole right of return issue, and circumstances of return, is fluid,” she said. “We’ve hit the point where it is quite obviously affecting the recruitment of volunteer health workers.”
Experts say that the region needs roughly 19,000 health and logistics personnel to contain the epidemic; outside of military personnel, total foreign volunteers now number in the hundreds.
Still, Garrett added, any people traveling to a nation affected by Ebola should undertake efforts to isolate and monitor themselves for any symptoms of the disease for 21 days after returning to their home country.
“At this point it’s incumbent on anyone going over there to build into your plans the assumption that you will have to radically modify how you live and work upon your return for three weeks,” she said.
Spencer had gone to Guinea to work with Doctors Without Borders, the international relief group that has been on the front lines of the public health crisis.
On Friday, the group said Spencer had followed its protocols for people returning from Ebola work, which included regular health monitoring.
A CDC medical officer demonstrates the correct procedure for health-care workers to put on protective equipment. He is using the protocol recommended by Doctors Without Borders to prevent being infected with Ebola. (Jorge Ribas/The Washington Post)
“Extremely strict procedures are in place for staff dispatched to Ebola affected countries before, during, and after their assignments,” Sophie Delaunay, the group’s executive director, said in a statement. “Despite the strict protocols, risk cannot be completely eliminated. However, close post-assignment monitoring allows for early detection of cases and for swift isolation and medical management.”
The precise nature of Spencer’s infection is being investigated, the group said. So far, two dozen people working for the organization have fallen ill while fighting Ebola, and 13 of them have died.
Tim Shenk, a spokesman for Doctors Without Borders, said Friday afternoon that quarantining all medical workers who return from West Africa “would be an excessive measure to take at this stage.”
“As long as a patient hasn’t developed symptoms, the risk of contamination is close to zero,” he said.
Spencer became just the fourth person diagnosed with Ebola in the United States and the first outside Texas, which has previously been the nexus of Ebola infections in the country. Thomas Duncan, a Liberian man who flew to Dallas, was diagnosed last month and died eight days later. Two nurses who treated Duncan were infected while caring for him. No one who had close contact with Duncan or the nurses has tested positive for Ebola so far.
The two nurses who contracted Ebola in Dallas were both declared virus-free this week. One was cleared on Wednesday , while Nina Pham, the other nurse,  left the National Institutes of Health on Friday morning after doctors determined she no longer had the virus.
President Obama on Friday wanted to meet with Pham “to thank her for her service,” Josh Earnest said at his daily White House briefing.
When White House officials found out early Friday that Pham would be released, Earnest said, they contacted the NIH “to let her know that the president was interested in meeting her if she felt up to it.”
The day after a doctor in New York City was diagnosed with Ebola, White House press secretary Josh Earnest said President Obama would have "no qualms about riding the subway...or taking a stroll on the High Line." (AP)
Pham did not undergo any additional medical testing before greeting—and hugging—the president, Earnest said, noting that she had been shown to be free of the virus on five separate occasions before being released.
Earnest also provided new details Friday about the coordination between federal and New York state officials after Spencer fell ill Thursday. President Obama ordered the Pentagon to provide an aircraft to transport a team of experts from the Centers for Disease Control in Atlanta to New York City’s Bellevue Hospital so they could get there “as soon as possible,” he said.
The team, which helped supervise the protocols for treating Spencer, arrived “within a couple of hours” of his arrival, Earnest added.
“We certainly are pleased that so much of the planning that’s been done in recent days has proved to be useful,” Earnest said of how Bellevue’s handled Spencer’s admission.
While federal officials are discussing the idea of quarantining medical professionals upon their return to the United States, Earnest emphasized that officials are still determining whether it is medically justified.
“These kinds of policy decisions are going to be driven by science,” he said.
The administration is focused on protecting the American public, Earnest said. “But at the same time we don’t have to overly burden those individuals who are going to great lengths to stop this outbreak at the source,” he added.
Earnest also emphasized that these aid workers are aware of the public health concerns stemming from their service.
“Individuals who have spent time in West Africa certainly understand the seriousness of this disease,” he said, adding at one point of the precautions Spencer took upon his return to New York, “He is a highly trained medical professional [and] certainly had the capacity to take his own temperature.”
White House officials continued to emphasize the low probability of an Ebola outbreak in the U.S. Earnest said Obama would “have no qualms” about riding the New York subway, visiting the High Line or visiting a Brooklyn bowling alley even in the aftermath of Spencer’s diagnosis.
“The fact is, the risk facing the average New Yorker is exceedingly low,” he said.
New York City Environmental Police arrive at Craig Spencer’s apartment building. (Bryan Thomas/Getty Images)
Spencer works at New York-Presbyterian/Columbia University Medical Center. On Thursday, the hospital called him “a dedicated humanitarian” who “always puts his patients first.” The hospital said in a statement that he had not been to work and had not seen patients since returning from overseas.
On Tuesday, two days before he was hospitalized and diagnosed, Spencer went to a bowling alley in Williamsburg, rode three New York subway lines and used an Uber car. The bowling alley had closed after Spencer’s diagnosis, while Uber said that health officials had told them the car’s driver and any subsequent passengers were not at risk.
Spencer was is in stable condition Friday , authorities said, and he is talking to public-health workers as they try to trace his steps in recent days. Even as “disease detectives” work to determine who Spencer may have encountered and check the coffee shops and restaurants he visited, officials stressed that they felt they had the situation contained and urged calm among residents.
New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio says a team of disease detectives tracking the movements of a doctor diagnosed with Ebola will soon detail their findings. (AP)
“New Yorkers who had not been exposed to an infected person’s bodily fluids are simply not at risk,” New York Mayor Bill de Blasio said during a briefing Friday afternoon. “There is no reason for New Yorkers to change their daily routine in any way.”
Spencer “poses no threat to others,” de Blasio said.
The ongoing treatment for Spencer at Bellevue Hospital involves giving him fluid and electrolytes and monitoring his vital signs, said Ram Raju, head of the city’s Health and Hospitals Corporation. Spencer remains in good enough shape to talk on the phone and tell the disease detectives from the health department about his steps so far this week.
Cuomo on Thursday had said that Spencer was a medical professional who had seen Ebola up close, adding that the doctor had been monitoring himself and immediately recognized the symptoms.
“He was familiar with the possibility and the circumstances, so he handled himself accordingly,” Cuomo said.
New York officials repeatedly emphasized on Thursday and Friday that they were prepared for Ebola’s arrival, having trained while also preparing Bellevue and other hospitals for handling patients with the virus.
The office of New York Mayor Bill de Blasio (D) posted images of him riding the subway on Friday morning in an attempt to show residents that they had nothing to fear from public transportation:
Scenes from Mayor @BilldeBlasio ‘s morning commute on the subway. pic.twitter.com/dHxGjfEwAm
— NYC Mayor’s Office (@NYCMayorsOffice) October 24, 2014
Rep. Darrell Issa, a California Republican who chairs the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee, urged the Obama administration on Friday to take steps to improve what he characterized as a “bumbling” response to the Ebola crisis.
“I think we all know that the system is not yet refined to where we could say it is working properly,” he said during a hearing on the U.S. government’s response to the disease.
Issa and other members of Congress questioned the measures taken by the administration to prepare for a possible pandemic before Ebola appeared in U.S. hospitals, as well as what officials have done since then to ensure the disease doesn’t spread.
Nicole Laurie, a senior official at the Department of Health and Human Services, said Friday that the risk of a significant Ebola outbreak in the United States was “remote.”
But health-care workers who will be the first to respond to Ebola cases in the United States were worried, particularly after two nurses contracted the disease through an exposure that has still not been explained.
Deborah Burger, co-president of National Nurses United, said these workers remain at risk. She said nurses have received inconsistent instructions, were often left to make decisions about proper precautions for themselves, and at times were forced to improvise their own protective gear because their medical facilities were unprepared. She said only new, legally required guidelines would ensure that medical facilities would provide workers the protection they need.
“The response to Ebola from U.S. hospitals and governmental agencies has been dangerously inconsistent and inadequate,” she said. “The lack of mandates and shifting guidelines from agencies and reliance on voluntary compliance has left caregivers uncertain, severely unprepared and vulnerable to infection.”
Ed O’Keefe, Lena Sun and Missy Ryan contributed to this report.
[This post has been updated. First posted: 10:54 a.m.]
Mark Berman is a reporter on the National staff. He runs Post Nation, a destination for breaking news and developing stories from around the country.
Juliet Eilperin is a White House correspondent for The Washington Post, covering domestic and foreign policy as well as the culture of 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue. She is the author of two books—one on sharks, and another on Congress, not to be confused with each other—and has worked for the Post since 1998.

Aditya Birla Group announces JV with African firmAditya Birla Group announces JV with African firm
WHO is sending expert team to Mali after first Ebola diagnosis in the West African countryBy Abby Ohlheiser October 24 Follow @abbyohlheiser
In Anniston, Ala., the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention is training health providers who will be going to West Africa to fight the Ebola outbreak. (Jorge Ribas/The Washington Post)
The World Health Organization is preparing to send a team of experts to Mali after the country announced that it had its first Ebola case, a WHO spokesperson said Friday.
Mali's health minister said Thursday night that a 2-year-old girl who recently traveled from Guinea with her grandmother was admitted to a hospital in Kayes this week and tested positive for Ebola.
On Friday, WHO spokesperson Fadéla Chaib told The Post in an e-mail that four experts would travel to Mali as soon as possible to provide help with clinical management, epidemiology, contact tracing and social mobilization. "These functions need to be deployed within the next 24 hours," Chaib said.
The group will join a team of three WHO workers already in Mali, where they have been working on outbreak preparedness in the country since Oct. 19.
According to the WHO's statement on the case, the toddler's symptoms included a 102.2-degree fever, a nose bleed, bloody stools and a cough.
Chaib said the child first saw a health-care worker in Kayes, in the western region of Mali, on Monday. The next day, she was moved to the Fousseyni Daou Hospital and admitted to the pediatric ward.
Officials took samples from the patient on Wednesday, which were analyzed at the Bamako University Lab on Thursday. (An earlier statement from Malian officials said that the patient was admitted to a hospital on Wednesday.)
The WHO said that 43 contacts of the child have been isolated, including 10 health-care workers in Kayes. Local authorities are in the process of contact tracing and training personnel at the isolation site treating the child, the organization added.
In a second statement Friday, the WHO said that, based on an initial investigation, officials believe the grandmother traveled to a funeral in southern Guinea. The grandmother then returned to Mali on Oct. 19 with the child. The pair used public transportation.
"The case history revealed that bleeding from the nose began while both were still in Guinea, meaning that the child was symptomatic during their travels through Mali," the statement said. "Multiple opportunities for exposure occurred when the child was visibly symptomatic."
WHO officials are "seeking confirmation of media reports that the funeral was for the child’s mother, who is said to have shown Ebola-like symptoms before her death."
The number of people being monitored for symptoms of Ebola in the U.S. is growing. Here's how the virus spreads and how contact tracing works to stop outbreaks. (Gillian Brockell/The Washington Post)
Mali is now the sixth West African country to record an Ebola case during the deadliest outbreak in history . The epidemic, whose death toll is rapidly approaching 5,000, has been centered in Guinea, Sierra Leone and Liberia; Nigeria and Senegal have also recorded cases.
Just hours before Malian health officials announced the diagnosis, WHO assistant director general Keiji Fukuda said to reporters that the organization had "reasonable confidence right now that we are not seeing widespread transmission of Ebola into the neighboring countries," including Mali, Guinea Bissau and the Ivory Coast.
However, WHO hadn't ruled out the possibility of an Ebola case in Mali, as it was one of 15 countries identified as a "priority" by the WHO as the outbreak spread -- due in part to its proximity to the most severely affected regions. That's why, Chaib said, there was already a small WHO team in Mali before the first case was identified.
A sign at the Mali-Guinea border, in Kouremale. (Joe Penney/Reuters)
The Kayes region of Mali, where the first case was diagnosed, borders Guinea, one of three countries hardest hit by the Ebola epidemic. Guinea alone has recorded 904 Ebola deaths and 1,540 total cases of the disease, according to the latest figures available from the WHO .
In all, there are 4,877 confirmed deaths and 9,936 confirmed, probable and suspected cases of Ebola in seven countries: Guinea, Liberia, Sierra Leone, Spain, the United States, Nigeria and Senegal.
Two of those countries are now considered Ebola-free: Nigeria and Senegal. Senegal, which also neighbors Mali, had a single case of Ebola, also imported from Guinea.
Also on Friday, the WHO announced that "several hundred thousand" doses of an experimental Ebola vaccine will be available by the first half of 2015.
[This post has been updated.]
Abby Ohlheiser is a general assignment reporter for The Washington Post.

Private equity firms eye Portugal TelecomPrivate equity firms size up offers for Portugal Telecom
Arash Massoudi, Daniel Thomas and Anne-Sylvaine Chassany
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1f382d24-5b84-11e4-a674-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Brazil opinion poll shows unexpected Dilma bounceSign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

Pakistan violates ceasefire in Poonch  shells forward LoC postsUpdated: October 24, 2014 23:25 IST
Pakistan violates ceasefire in Poonch, shells forward LoC posts
PTI
Army jawans patrol along the Line of Control in Poonch.
TOPICS
armed conflict
In a fresh ceasefire violation on Friday, Pakistan troops fired at forward Indian posts along Line of Control (LoC) in Poonch district of Jammu and Kashmir tonight, drawing retaliation from Indian soldiers.
“There was no casualty reported as last report came in,” a Defence spokesperson said. Pakistan soldiers resorted to mortar shelling and fired through automatic weapons at the forward Indian posts, he said.
“Pakistan troops started unprovoked firing from small arms and automatic weapons and lobbed mortar shells on forward posts along LoC in Balakote sector at 2030 hours tonight,” he said. Indian troops “effectively and appropriately responded to Pakistan firing and shelling”.
Pakistan Rangers had also opened fire on border outposts in Jammu on Thursday night but the Indian forces showed restraint and did not retaliate. Throughout Diwali on Thursday, Pakistan Rangers violated ceasefire several times and resorted to firing on border outposts (BoPs) along the international border (IB) in Samba, Kathua and Jammu districts of Jammu and Kashmir.
“Pakistan Rangers resorted to small-arms firing on BoPs along IB in Jammu frontier till 2010 hours yesterday,” BSF spokesman said on Friday.

Ask Chuck Todd Your Questions About Midterm Politicsask chuck todd your questions about midterm politics
Global story of the consumerglobal story of the consumer
Villagers ransack Karna checkpostsVillagers ransack Karna checkposts
Deutsche Bank to take almost 1bn legal chargeAny questions? Ask Customer Services
Please contact ftsales.support@ft.com for discounted group licences
Fast FT is only available to FT.com subscribers and registered users
Register or subscribe to get the news that moves markets as it happens around the world, 24 hours a day, on your computer, mobile and tablet.

Arvind Subramanian seen to be a reformist at heartNew Delhi, October 18, 2014
Updated: October 18, 2014 05:22 IST
Arvind Subramanian seen to be a reformist at heart
Varghese K George
Tweet
PTI
In this October 16, 2014 photo, Arvind Subramanian speaks to the media after taking charge as Chief Economic Adviser at North Block.
VIDEO
economy (general)
His approach is in sync with the Centre’s intentions of liberalisation, transparent regulation
Chief Economic Adviser Arvind Subramanian’s free-market convictions dominate his academic work and do not conform to the nationalist and protectionist streak among the leadership of the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS), the ideological mentor of the ruling Bharatiya Janata Party. But his academic views are unlikely to dictate his policy prescriptions, top government sources told The Hindu.
“Academic studies guide policy formulations, but policies are not dictated by it. The final policy decisions will always be made by the political executive with inputs and advice from the CEA,” one source said.
The senior government functionary explained that Dr. Subramanian’s appointment indicated a trend of internationally acclaimed experts of Indian origin offering to work in India. “Dr. Subramanian’s track record is extraordinary,” he pointed out. Raghuram Rajan, former CEA and now Reserve Bank Governor, also left his position of Chief Economist at the International Monetary Fund to work in the Indian government. Both were colleagues at the IMF.
Dr. Subramanian is a reformist at heart and stands for open, liberal but transparently regulated markets, economist Rajiv Kumar told The Hindu. He will bring to the job emphasis on de-bottlenecking of the supply side and since he favours free trade he will most likely push for increasing India’s exports and for the domestic sector to be less clogged with regulation.
Though few CEAs have traditionally majorly influenced policy-making, Dr. Subramanian has the advantage of being more than a pure academician having worked in the IMF and World Bank systems due to which “he is likely to be a more successful CEA in the midst of the government system and not at the margins of it, marginalised by the bureaucracy,” said Dr. Kumar. Though how much this influence will be will depend on his rapport with the Finance Minister and the Prime Minister. Dr. Subramanian’s approach is thus in sync with the core of the Modi government’s stated intentions of liberalisation and transparent regulation.
CEAs typically define their roles within the government framework which is constrained among other imperatives by political compulsions and Dr. Subramanian is not likely to be different.
He has shown pragmatism in his critiques of the Modi government’s decisions. For instance, he wrote about the delay in implementing the increase in natural gas prices that is likely to benefit private contractors such as Reliance in the KG Basin: “An increase in natural gas prices is essential. But controversy on the pricing formula, as well as the Kejriwal critique of cronyism to which this government is sensitive, probably justifies additional reflection and time before action is implemented.”
Budgetary accounting
Certain other decisions he rejected completely. For instance, he wrote that the Modi government’s maiden budget should have come clean on budgetary accounting, even if this meant accepting the higher deficit number rather than retaining the UPA government’s fiscal arithmetic that included artificially reduced or deferred expenditures by up to 0.3 per cent of the Gross Domestic Product. Some of the budget numbers he found ‘implausible.’
“Tax revenues are projected to grow by nearly 20 per cent. That defies credibility given that nominal GDP growth is unlikely to exceed 13 to 14 per cent (9 percent for inflation plus 5 per cent for real GDP growth),” he wrote, cautioning that transparency and credible numbers evoke confidence and unreliable numbers will eventually elicit cynicism and since good governance was supposed to distinguish this government from its predecessor the budget should at least have started reducing the aggregate fiscal deficit by 0.3 to 0.5 percentage points.
Similarly, he differed with the Modi government’s refusal to ratify the World Trade Organization’s proposed Trade Facilitation Agreement (TFA) unless it makes ‘satisfactory’ progress on the food security proposal crucial to protecting India’s minimum support prices for its farmers.
“… supporting agriculture is valid, but no, the tactic at the WTO negotiations may be less so ... Food subsidies and even income support to poor farmers should gradually be replaced by cash transfers but since this takes ages, India should try to change WTO obligations itself,” he wrote, adding that India should withdraw its opposition to the TFA, reformulate its position on agriculture, proceed to persuade its partners of the merits and fairness of its new position, and revisit this issue at the WTO in the near future.
Dr. Subramanian had also warned that if the Bali deal collapses, the blow to an already weak WTO would be significant and India would bear much of the blame. Since it didn’t pay heed to this advice, the government has landed the WTO deal in the situation he had cautioned against.
He highlighted the problems in hiking sugar subsidies and import duties on sugar. “Aimed at appeasing the sugar lobby in Maharashtra but also in Uttar Pradesh, this measure is problematic… Apart from its many problems, it leads to water-intensive and water-wasting resource allocation, which is bad for the medium term given India’s plunging water tables. If the aim was to help sugar farmers being paid their dues, this was a very inefficient way of doing so.”

New team to steer economyNEW DELHI, October 16, 2014
Updated: October 17, 2014 00:11 IST
New team to steer economy
Varghese K. George
Tweet
PTI
Arvind Subramanian speaks to the media after taking charge as Chief Economic Adviser at North Block on Thursday.
The Hindu
economy, business and finance
Arvind Subramanian is Chief Economic Adviser
With the appointment of former IMF economist Arvind Subramanian as the Chief Economic Adviser and Rajasthan cadre IAS officer Rajiv Mehrishi as the finance secretary, the Narendra Modi government has brought in a new team to steer the economy, five months after it came to power.
Mr Subramanian, earlier a senior fellow at the Washington-based Peterson Institute for International economics, is pronouncedly pro-market. He has in the past argued for quicker subsidy reforms, fast introduction of GST, and faster deficit reduction than the temporal target set by the government.
The medium term fiscal policy envisages a progressive reduction of the deficit to three per cent of the GDP by 2016-17.
His appointment is a bold signal from Finance Minister Arun Jaitley, a Ministry official told The Hindu. “Mr. Subramanian was critical of the first budget, but that he still gets this job is a clear signal that the government is serious about reforms.”
Mr. Mehrishi replaces Arvind Mayaram, who has been appointed the new Tourism Secretary. Mr. Mehrishi is known to be pro-market and has been handpicked by Mr. Jaitley.
New CEA flags investment, growth
After taking over as the Chief Economic Adviser, Dr. Subramanian said there would be a two-pronged approach to steering the economy. “For any economy like India, the two big things are macro economic stability and of course creating conditions for rapid investment and growth. While creating opportunity for all segments of Indian society, no one should be left out of this process,” Dr. Subramanian told reporters.
The post of CEA has been lying vacant since Raghuram Rajan left the Finance Ministry to join the Reserve Bank as the Governor more than a year ago.
Former Finance Minister P. Chidambaram welcomed the appointment of Dr. Subramanian as “an excellent choice.
“Dr. Arvind Subramanian has been on the short list of candidates for CEA for many years and I am happy he will begin his tenure under a new Government. He brings to the job rich and varied experience and acclaimed work as a distinguished academic. He is pro-growth and pro-reform and unafraid to speak his mind,” Mr. Chidambaram said in a statement.

Inventables  desktop carving machine gets Kickstarted quickly0
“It's ... far from the first CNC carver we've seen, and isn't even the first such machine from Inventables — which also built the Shapeoko 2 ,” noted engadget.com reviewer Steve Dent. “But it is a very polished-looking desktop device, and should appeal to designers who may not know a veiner from a v-tool.”
It's the first crowdfunding attempt for Kaplan, though Wilson is a Kickstarter veteran. Kaplan said the platform was important for validating the idea: “If people aren’t excited, and don’t back it, we’re going to kill it,” Kaplan wrote in an email early Tuesday. “It means we missed the mark.”
It builds off Kaplan’s Shapeoko 2 machine, launched last year. The Shapeoko 2 comes in kit form, requiring assembly, while Carvey, a sleeker design, needs only to be plugged in and turned on, Kaplan said. And it’s meant to run quietly enough so that it can sit on a desk or studio table.
“In the past few years we’ve seen an explosion of 3D printing, and we believe that 3D carving is the next step,” Kaplan said.
Carvey, which accommodates sophisticated computer-assisted design programs, comes pre-loaded with Inventables’ free Easel design software platform, aimed at “click-and-carve” users who have no special training. Users can also import files from a library of projects and upload their own designs for others to use, Kaplan said.
For earlier projects, Kaplan said he took pre-orders on the Inventables website and told customers that he wouldn’t move ahead with the products if he didn’t get enough orders. But those products targeted users with a stronger technical background.
“With Carvey, we’re trying to reach people who don’t have the same level of technical skill,” Kaplan said. “It’s more about their idea rather than their expertise.”

Fadnavis meets Gadkari twice in four hoursUpdated: October 24, 2014 08:02 IST
Maharashtra Govt. Formation
Fadnavis meets Gadkari twice in four hours
Pavan Dahat
Tweet
PTI
Union Minister for Transport and Shipping Nitin Gadkari interacts with Maharashtra BJP president Devendra Fadnavis on the occasion of Diwali at the party office in Nagpur on Thursday.
The Hindu
BJP Maharashtra unit president and frontrunner for the Chief Minister's post called on Union Minister Nitin Gadkari twice on Thursday, setting off rumours about the intent of the meet. File photo: Paul Noronha
TOPICS
state politics
With the race for the Maharashtra CM's post hotting up, Gadkari says he is pained to see "unreasonable controversy in the media about Devendra and me."
Two days after show of strength by his supporters in Nagpur, Union Transport Minister Nitin Gadkari on Thursday asserted that he would not be a hurdle to the elevation of State BJP president Devendra Fadnavis as Chief Minister.
Denying rumours of “differences” between the two, Mr. Gadkari reiterated that he was not in the running for the Chief Minister’s post. His comments came after Mr. Fadnavis met him twice, once at the former’s residence and later at the party office in Nagpur, in less than four hours.
Explaining Mr. Fadnavis’ visit, Mr. Gadkari said their families shared a close relationship. “There is no competition between us. We are colleagues. I brought him into politics and his father had brought me into politics” he said. Mr. Fadnavis’ father Ganghdharrao, a prominent Jan Sangh member and an RSS pracharak, is said to have mentored Mr. Gadkari.
'A customary visit'
Mr. Fadnavis said his visit was a customary call on Diwali.
“I just came to wish him on Diwali,” Mr. Fadnavis, who is being considered a front-runner for the Maharashtra Chief Minister’s post, told reporters.
Asked about Mr. Fadnavis’s visit, Mr. Gadkari said: “Devendra Fadnavis and I are colleagues and there is no competition between us. I brought him into politics, his father had brought me into politics… we share a very close family relationship. As far as the post of chief minister is concerned, I am nowhere in the race. I have said many times that I am not interested in coming to Maharashtra. I am happy in Delhi.”
On the request of BJP MLAs from Vidarbha to make him the CM, Mr. Gadkari said, “They [MLAs] are just making their wish clear and they have the right to do that. As far as I am concerned, the BJP parliamentary board and the prime minister will take the correct decision.”
Mr. Gadkari and Mr. Fadnavis once again came together at the BJP office in Dhantoli here at around 12 noon. However, both of them refused to speak to the media.
Outside the BJP office Mr. Gadkari said, “…it’s painful to see unreasonable controversy in the media about Devendra and me.”
Meanwhile, a source close to the Gadkari camp said the way his side pitched Mr. Gadkari’s name for the chief minister-ship “neutralized” all other OBC leaders who were hoping to get the top job in the State. “With Gadkari in the race for the CM post, Pankaja Munde, Eknath Khadse and Sudhir Manguntiwar, all OBC leaders, and Maratha leader Vinod Tawade fell out of the race. Now the competition is between Gadkari and Fadnavis and Fadnavis is ahead at this point of time.”

Facebook launches  Rooms  to anonymously share common interestsFacebook launches 'Rooms' to anonymously share common interests
Facebook launches anonymous community app called 'Rooms'
Description: Facebook's much-anticipated anonymous social app is finally here, and it's called "Rooms." The app allows people to create a "room" on any topic.
Description: Facebook's much-anticipated anonymous social app is finally here, and it's called "Rooms." The app allows people to create a "room" on any topic.
By Jessica Guynn, USA TODAY
Today Facebook unveiled its new iOS app called "Rooms." This app, which many speculated would allow for more anonymity than Facebook users are used to, centers around user-created rooms focusing on single topics and interests. All a person needs to set up a "room," filled by a feed of photos, videos and text, is a verifiable email address. 
Jussica Guynn from USA TODAY has the full report.

Rajaratnams brother barred for 5 years in SEC dealUpdated: October 24, 2014 03:57 IST
Rajaratnam’s brother barred for 5 years in SEC deal
AP
Tweet
Reuters
Rengan Rajaratnam, (L) the younger brother of imprisoned hedge fund manager Raj Rajaratnam, departs Manhattan Federal Court with his lawyer Vinoo Varghese.
TOPICS
corporate crime
The brother of a jailed former hedge fund boss will be barred for at least five years from the securities industry and pay about $841,000 to settle a civil insider trading case against him.
The Securities and Exchange Commission announced the settlement on Thursday with Rengan Rajaratnam. He was acquitted in July in a criminal trial of conspiring with his brother, one-time billionaire hedge fund boss Raj Rajaratnam, to cheat on Wall Street. The SEC filed related civil charges against Rengan Rajaratnam in March 2013.
Raj Rajaratnam is serving an 11-year sentence in one of the biggest insider trading cases mounted by federal prosecutors. The government said he earned up to $75 million illegally by trading on secrets provided by corrupt employees of public companies.

AIBEA writes to PM on filling up CMD posts of PSU banksUpdated: October 25, 2014 00:01 IST
AIBEA flays delay in filling top slots in PSU banks
N. Anand
Tweet
The Hindu
A file picture shows AIBEA General Secretary C.H. Venkatachalam addressing a gathering of Bank employees in Chennai. Photo: R. Ravindran.
TOPICS
central bank
At least ten public sector banks have been functioning without full-time chairmen and managing directors and executive directors for the last three months.
While the interviews were conducted recently to fill these posts, orders have not been issued. This has caused anxiety in the banking circle, said All India Bank Employees’ Association, General Secretary C.H. Venkatachalam.
If the Prime Minister and Finance Minister were serious about achieving the target of reaching every section of the people through their recently-launched initiative such as Jan Dhan Yojana, then these posts had to be filled up immediately, he said in a letter to the Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Friday.
According to him, at least six public sector banks do not have chairmen and managing directors. These includes United Bank of India, Canara Bank, Syndicate Bank, Bank of Baroda, Indian Overseas Bank and Oriental Bank of Commerce.
The post of second executive director has to be filled up in Allahabad Bank, Andhra Bank, UCO Bank and Union Bank of India (third position).
“Almost all these positions have remained vacant for three to five months, except Syndicate Bank chairman and managing director, S.K. Jain, who was suspended on August 2. What is the problem in filing these posts? A few more top posts are set to fall vacant by end-December and this will aggravate the situation,” Mr. Venkatachalam said.

A virgin birth has been confirmed in a reticulated python -- a first for the speciesBy Rachel Feltman October 24 Follow @rachelfeltman
A reticulated python, the same species as the virgin mother at the Louisville Zoo. (AFP/Getty Images)
It's no miracle, but it sure is a rare event: A reticulated python (the world's largest species of snake) gave birth to six babies without the help of a male partner.
The birth actually occurred in 2012. But it was only a few months ago that researchers published DNA evidence  that Thelma — an 11-year-old, 200 pound, 20-foot-long female at the Louisville Zoo — was the sole genetic parent. Until then, zoo keepers figured it was much more likely that Thelma's body had held onto sperm from an unknown male for a long time before using it to fertilize her eggs.
"We didn't know what we were seeing. We had attributed it to stored sperm," the zoo's snake curator, Bill McMahan,  told National Geographic . "I guess sometimes truth is stranger than fiction."
This is the first case of such a birth recorded in Thelma's species, but it's not the first seen in the animal kingdom — or even in the snake world.
In a phenomenon called parthenogenesis, females who would typically use two-parent sexual reproduction are sometimes able to accomplish the deed on their own.
Researchers say that Thelma's six female offspring were " half-clones ," National Geographic reports. That means that her egg cell probably interacted with something called a polar body — a cell made up of genetic material that's left over when the egg cell forms. These polar bodies usually just die, but sometimes they can meet up with egg cells and (if they form the right number of chromosomes once they're put together) an embryo can begin to form.
Thelma's reproductive system may have triggered the rare phenomenon because of her unusually luxurious surroundings: She lived in a large habitat, surrounded by heating pads, and was fed massive quantities of food. With conditions so optimal for reproduction, what should have been a cellular fluke ended with six healthy babies.
Of course, those healthy babies are still pretty inbred — and while they're doing just fine in their zoo enclosure, their keepers don't think they'd have survived in the wild.
Rachel Feltman runs The Post's Speaking of Science blog.

A massive award after a wrongful convictionBy Radley Balko October 24 Follow @radleybalko
A couple of weeks ago I posted about William Lopez and Jeff Deskovic, two men who had been wrongly convicted and imprisoned, then exonerated. Deskovic was released first and started a foundation to find and remedy other wrongful convictions. His first victory was the release of Lopez. The two became good friends before, sadly, Lopez died this month.
Now comes  some much-deserved good news :
Justice is served — with a hefty bill.
A Putnam County man wrongly convicted of raping a fellow high school student when he was 16 was awarded Thursday what his lawyers called the largest sum in U.S. history.
Jeff Deskovic won $41,650,000 in a lawsuit against sheriff’s investigator Daniel Stephens and Putnam County.
In 1989, 15-year-old Angela Correa never returned to school after leaving to take pictures for a photography class. Her body was later found beaten, raped and strangled.
Investigators zeroed in on Deskovic, who showed up late that day for school. Authorities said he seemed obsessed with the case, further rousing their suspicion.
Eventually Deskovic was given three lie detector tests over the course of a six-hour interrogation in which he eventually confessed.
He was convicted despite the fact that DNA tests on sperm taken from the victim didn’t match his own. He served well over a decade in prison before new DNA tests found a match to a man named Steven Cunningham, who then confessed to the rape and murder.
Associated Press reports say that because of the terms of a pretrial agreement, Deskovic will receive only $10 million of the award.
Radley Balko blogs about criminal justice, the drug war and civil liberties for The Washington Post. He is the author of the book "Rise of the Warrior Cop: The Militarization of America's Police Forces."

Premature to talk of US troop cuts in Asia: John KerrySecretary of State John Kerry said on Friday that it was too early to discuss cutting the number of US troops.
By: Agence-France Presse | Washington | Posted: October 24, 2014 10:40 pm
Secretary of State John Kerry said on Friday that it was too early to discuss cutting the number of US troops stationed in Asia and South Korea, amid increased tensions on the heavily guarded peninsula.
The top US diplomat insisted before any such moves could happen North Korea must first show a serious commitment to rejoining six-party talks on ending its suspect nuclear program.
Asked after meeting his South Korean counterpart Yun Byung-se whether Washington would consider reducing its military presence in Asia if North Korea returned to the stalled nuclear negotiations, Kerry ruled out the idea.
“The mere entering into talks is not an invitation to take any actions regarding troops or anything else at this point. It would be way too premature to have any thought, or even discussion” along those lines, Kerry said.
“The only purpose of entering the talks is to come to an understanding regarding first the denuclearization and then following the denuclearization obviously whatever relationship might be appropriate.”
He also ruled out any idea of visiting isolated North Korea and meeting leader Kim Jong-un in the near term. Washington and Pyongyang do not have diplomatic ties.
Yun said South Korea was awaiting a “clear stance” on Pyongyang’s nuclear policy and “a halt to the sophistication of its nuclear weapons.”
“All of this has to be real. It has to lead to real solutions,” Yun said.

Govt aims at 50th position in ease of doing business rankingThe Commerce and Industry Ministry has already taken several measures and has proposed series of steps. Reuters
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: October 24, 2014 10:18 pm
The government is aiming to improve India’s ranking in ease of doing business index to 50th position in the next two years from the current 134th.
The Commerce and Industry Ministry has already taken several measures and has proposed series of steps, including drastically reducing the time for registration of business to one day, single registration of all labour laws and cut in number of taxes to improve ease of doing business in India.
“Aim is to improve the ranking to 50th position in two years from 134th at present. Different government departments have already started consultation and deliberations on steps to improve India’s ranking,” sources said.
They added that meetings would continue to remove all the barriers and simplify the cumbersome procedures related to approvals and clearance mechanism for business activities.
According to a World Bank report, India has slipped three positions to 134th spot in the latest ‘ease of doing business’ list, which is topped by Singapore.
The Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion (DIPP), has identified sectors and specific reforms that are urgently required to substantially improve India’s ranking in ease of doing business.
The department has listed as many as 46 action points for different central government ministries and state governments for improving the business climate.
For Corporate Affairs Ministry, it has suggested that the time taken in registration of business from existing 27 days be reduced to only one day as in Canada and New Zealand.
It has also called for doing away with the requirement of company seal and removal of minimum paid up capital for starting a business.
It has suggested introduction of Bankruptcy Law, Unified Insolvency Code, speedy constitution of benches under National Company Law
Tribunal and fixing of a definite and predictable timeframe for rehabilitation and liquidation process.
Similarly, it has recommended reduction in number of taxes and permitting online payment of taxes; simplification of complex tax processes; expediting implementation of Direct Tax Code, Goods and Services tax besides abolition of minimum alternate tax for SEZ developers and units.
Further, it has called for a uniform policy and procedure for all states for a single window clearance along with combined application form and single registration for VAT and other state taxes.
The DIPP has also proposed timelines to implement these initiatives, aimed at attracting investments as part of the Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s ‘Make In India’ campaign.
During the last three years, India received an average of USD 30 billion annual foreign direct investment.
India needs huge investments to give a boost to its manufacturing sector and to create million of jobs.

Canada shooter struggled with addiction  turned to IslamPeople gather to pay homage to the soldier who was killed during the shooting at Canadian parliament.
By: Agence-France Presse | Ottawa | Posted: October 24, 2014 11:50 pm
A gunman who stormed Canada’s parliament after killing a soldier at a nearby war memorial was a petty criminal fighting a drug addiction and was estranged from his family, reports said on Friday.
Michael Zehaf-Bibeau, 32, had moved across the country to westernmost British Columbia province to try to start over following a drug conviction in Montreal.
Disillusioned and addicted to crack cocaine, he was drawn to Islam a decade ago as he tried to turn his life around, Canadian media reported, but ended up driving Muslims away as he became increasingly radicalized.
The Globe & Mail newspaper said he would preach to non-Muslims one day and smoke crack cocaine the next.
Meanwhile, he denounced a Vancouver-area mosque’s outreach attempts, complaining that too many infidels were visiting.
At one point in Vancouver, he tried to turn himself in for armed robbery but a police officer could not find any record of the alleged 10-year-old crime, so refused to arrest him, the Vancouver Sun reported.
Instead he was taken to a local hospital for observation but psychiatrists quickly cleared him of any mental illness, so he was driven to a detox center. They refused him because he was not intoxicated.
Soon afterward he was arrested for robbing a fast food restaurant and asked to be kept in jail, hoping there he would get help.
But he would be sentenced to only one day in jail (in addition to 66 days in pretrial lockup).
“I’m a crack addict, and at the same time, I’m a religious person,” Zehaf-Bibeau told the judge in 2012, according to a court audio transcript cited by the Vancouver Sun.
“I want to sacrifice freedom and good things for a year maybe, and when I come out, I’ll appreciate things in life more and be clean, or maybe get therapy if you guys can – like a detox.”
At an Ottawa shelter where he stayed for a few nights before the attack on parliament, residents and staff offered mixed observations, according to the Globe & Mail.
He was praised for helping translate for an elderly man who spoke only Arabic, and was overheard screaming into a telephone at a car rental agency that refused his business (he would instead buy an old Toyota Corolla to use in the attack on parliament).
“He was very pious… but he seemed very extreme,” shelter volunteer Abdel Kareem Abubakir told the newspaper.

Pakistan court acquits key accused in Daniel Pearl murder caseBy: Press Trust of India | Hyderabad | Posted: October 24, 2014 11:35 pm
An anti-terrorist court (ATC) in Pakistan on Friday acquitted a co-accused in the 2002 kidnapping and murder case of US journalist Daniel Pearl for lack of evidence.
During a trial inside the Hyderabad central jail, Qari Hashim, who was initially arrested in August 2005, was acquitted for lack of evidence.
“It is a great victory for truth and my client. We had filed an acquittal plea under Section 265-K of the Criminal Procedure Code, arguing that there was no evidence against my client,” Defence counsel, Sher Muhammad Leghari told reporters after the trial concluded.
He said Hashim had been apprehended for arranging a meeting between Wall Street journalist Pearl and Mubarak Ali Shah Gillani.
Gillani is another co-accused in the high profile case.
Pearl was first kidnapped by militants in January 2002 and a month later his beheaded body was found in a Karachi graveyard with videotapes of the scenes of his beheading.
The third co-accused Saud Memon, who was accused of providing the place where Pearl was kept incarcerated, had died in mysterious circumstances in May 2007.
British-born Pakistani Ahmed Omar Saeed Sheikh , who is the main accused, is currently lodged in the Hyderabad Central jail in Sindh province.
Omar was convicted in 2002 and sentenced to death but has appealed against his punishment.
Two other co-accused are serving life imprisonment in the case.

Imran Khan targets Nawaz Sharif for silence on India-Pakistan border issueBy: Press Trust of India | Lahore | Posted: October 24, 2014 11:23 pm
Pakistan Tehreek-i-Insaf chief Imran Khan on Friday again targeted Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif for his “silence” over the situation on the Indian border.
“Indian Prime Minster Narendra Modi is issuing harsh statements against Pakistan but Mian Sahib (Sharif) is still silent. I tell you the reason behind his silence. Nawaz Sharif’s son is doing business with India therefore he shies away from taking on his counterpart on the border issue,” Khan told a large gathering at a rally in Gujrat district, 200 kilometres from Lahore, this evening.
Khan has been holding a series of protest rallies in the country since mid-August as part of a campaign to press Sharif to resign besides demanding a thorough judicial probe into alleged rigging in the 2013 general election which his party lost.
The cricketer-turned-politician further said, “A businessman cannot be a good ruler of a country”. He said Sharif would not give any anti-India statement on the border issue as he was a businessman.
Khan warned Sharif that he would continue his Islamabad sit-in till he received his resignation as prime minister.
“I will move in a tent if people stop coming or I have no resources to hold the sit-in in Islamabad. But I will not return without taking Nawaz Sharif’s resignation,” Khan said.

UPS gears up for holiday seasonups gears up for holiday season
Hyundai presses ahead with $10bn land dealHyundai presses ahead with $10bn land deal despite opposition
By Simon Mundy in Seoul
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1a818bd0-455f-11e4-ab86-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Thai leaders risk backlash from eliteThai leaders risk policy backlash among country’s elite
Michael Peel in Bangkok
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6ca9b8e0-5394-11e4-8285-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

BoK cuts rates and growth forecastBank of Korea cuts rates to 2% and lowers growth forecast
By Simon Mundy and Song Jung-a in Seoul
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/636a9296-541a-11e4-80db-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Executives line up to advise Thai regimeExecutives line up to advise Thai regime
By Michael Peel in Thailand
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2d676884-5048-11e4-9822-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Hyundai Motor: at the crossroads© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/99d3365a-5a62-11e4-be86-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Borrowing at low rates better than buying home for cash0
We understand the desire to not overload yourselves with debt. But by the time you save up to buy a home for cash, most of the short sales may be gone and prices may be rising at a speed that will eclipse your ability to catch up.
If you have at least 10 to 20 percent of the purchase price or more saved up, you should work with a local real estate agent who specializes in short sales in your neighborhood of choice. You can also go to HUDhomestore.com to look at FHA foreclosures that are being sold there. (If you decide to purchase a HUD home, you will need to work with an agent who is certified to place a bid for you on that website. You can search the site to find an agent who has successfully represented other buyers in the area.)
Locking down financing is one way to ensure that your home purchase is affordable. If you're still able to rack up impressive savings, you can choose to prepay the loan or you can use the cash to purchase another vacation home that you rent out.
As for the economic recovery, it's happening very slowly. With wages falling in real (i.e., inflation-adjusted) dollars, roughly 70 percent of Americans feel as though we are still in a recession. While the official unemployment number is now quite reasonable, the U-6, which is the broadest measure of unemployment (and includes the under-employed and people who have given up on looking for a job because they don't believe they'll find one) is still over 11 percent. More to the point, a lot of the jobs that have been created are part time, just over minimum wage, and don't include benefits.
All of this is to say that there will be short sales to come in the near term, though not every location will have them and not all lenders will cooperate with owners in short sales in rental vacation areas. To find a lot of foreclosures or short sales, you'll need to look in areas that were, and remain, hardest hit by the housing crisis.
We recommend that you speak with several local real estate agents in your neighborhood of choice to start to understand the market and how you can find your own great deal.
( Ilyce Glink is the creator of an 18-part webinar and ebook series called " The Intentional Investor : How to be wildly successful in real estate," as well as the author of many books on real estate. She also hosts the "Real Estate Minute," on her YouTube.com/expertrealestatetips channel. If you have questions, you can call her radio show toll-free (800-972-8255) any Sunday, from 11a-1p EST. Contact Ilyce and Sam through her website , http://www.thinkglink.com .)
(c) 2014 ILYCE R. GLINK AND SAMUEL J. TAMKIN. DISTRIBUTED BY TRIBUNE CONTENT AGENCY, LLC.

UK voters put Europe relationship firstUK voters see relationship with Europe as of utmost importance
Kiran Stacey, Political Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6876e900-5a01-11e4-be86-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Cash-rich PSUs loath to help sick brethrenE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Canada comes to terms with terrorShare via twitter Share via facebook Share via linkedin Share via google+
Canada comes to terms with terror
Nov 3, 2014 : The two attacks on servicemen in Ottawa and Quebec this week have shocked the country. The FT’s Robert Wright reports on Canada facing up to the possibility of a home-grown jihadi movement.

Inside Tech: Castles in the cloudsCloud computing still castles in the air for some tech investors
Richard Waters
At this stage, the new growth market offers lower profits and the prospect of large capital spending
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2ef530ae-59fe-11e4-be86-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

So far this new growth market offers lower profits and the prospect large capital spendingCloud computing still castles in the air for some tech investors
Richard Waters
At this stage, the new growth market offers lower profits and the prospect of large capital spending
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2ef530ae-59fe-11e4-be86-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Apple Pay: Revolution at the tills© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/bcce5996-5549-11e4-b750-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Road-testing the digital payment service that may succeed where other mobile wallets have failed© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/bcce5996-5549-11e4-b750-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Amazon shares drop as loss widensAny questions? Ask Customer Services
Please contact ftsales.support@ft.com for discounted group licences
Fast FT is only available to FT.com subscribers and registered users
Register or subscribe to get the news that moves markets as it happens around the world, 24 hours a day, on your computer, mobile and tablet.

How Good Are Your Acting Skillsreddit
I learned a long time ago that a great CEO must also be a great actor. Some people will take exception to this statement, but I stand by it emphatically. To be truly great at running your organization, you are always "on." You are always in the spotlight with your employees, customers, investors and anyone else with whom you come into contact.
You are always performing.
As CEOs, we tend to think of ourselves as regular people, and give little thought to how others view us. We come into work and think little about the perceptions of others we may come into contact with. But that's the wrong way to think. Every day, we are influencing people, simply by the way we act, look, talk and gesture. When we are upset, others take notice. When we are happy, people can sense it - they can see it in the way we walk and talk. When we are scared, they can smell it in the air. We need to start thinking about how others might see us, and then presenting ourselves in a way that inspires confidence, trust and enthusiasm in those that we influence.
In the 1979 semi-autobiographical movie, All That Jazz, Bob Fosse greets himself in the mirror every morning with the exclamation: "It's showtime!" He knew that every day, he was "on." His life was a performance. The same goes for the CEO. Every morning, you need to say to yourself, "It's showtime" because you are getting ready to perform. If you walk into the building with a scowl, you are setting a miserable tone for the day with everyone. People may worry that something is wrong, or that the company is in trouble. On the other hand, if you walk into the building with a smile, shoulders back, head held high, the employees are going to mirror that attitude by feeling confident and encouraged. You may find it hard to believe, but you have that much influence on everyone, just because of your position at the top of the food chain. Employees, customers, suppliers and investors look to you for cues about how things are going. Therefore, it's you responsibility to be a consummate actor, and provide them with positive signals, even if the sky is falling (in fact, especially if the sky is falling).
This means that you must often set aside your own feelings and how you carry those around, and take on the role of actor, presenting a different person to them...one that inspires confidence and security. For a great CEO, every day is "showtime."
Follow Mike Harden on Twitter: www.twitter.com/mpharden
More:

EU tells Britain to pay extra 2.1bnEU tells Britain to pay extra €2.1bn
Alex Barker in Brussels and George Parker in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/81f4a330-5aa2-11e4-8625-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Cameron puts on brave face in EuropeCameron puts on brave face as trouble brews at home
George Parker, Political Editor
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/eb0203b0-5aaa-11e4-b449-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Japan blighted by zombie housingJapan blighted by zombie housing
Louise Lucas in Tokyo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d95ea1f6-5512-11e4-b616-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Three-quarters of NYC Airbnbs illegal© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d1f41606-554b-11e4-89e8-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Airbnb and Uber for business travellersAugust 10, 2014 12:57 pm
Airbnb and Uber on the business travel itinerary
By Rhymer Rigby
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e1af68f4-1d77-11e4-b927-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

City dwellers carry $650bn homes burdenWorld’s city dwellers paying out $650bn more than they can afford
Kate Allen in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3df85be6-5abf-11e4-b449-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Koreas rent-free tenancies under strain© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/80ab0880-3e1d-11e4-b175-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Facebook seeks to reinvent the chatroom 
About the authors
Richard Waters has headed the FT's San Francisco bureau since 2002 and covers Google and Microsoft, among other things. A former New York bureau chief for the FT, he is intrigued by Silicon Valley's unique financial and business culture, and is looking forward to covering his second Tech Bust.
Chris Nuttall has been online and messing around with computers for more than 20 years. He reported from the FT's San Francisco bureau on semiconductors, video games, consumer electronics and all things interwebby from 2004 to 2013, before returning to London.
Tim Bradshaw is the FT's digital media correspondent, and has just moved from London to join our team in San Francisco. He has covered start-ups such as Twitter and Spotify, as well as the online ambitions of more established media companies, such as the BBC iPlayer. He also covers the advertising, marketing and video-game industries. Tim has been writing about technology, business and finance since 2003.
Robert Cookson is the FT's digital media correspondent in London. He covers digital enterprise in media, from the music industry to local newspapers and social networks such as Facebook and Twitter. A former Hong Kong markets correspondent, he is interested in the interplay between old media and new technologies.
Hannah Kuchler writes about technology and Silicon Valley from the FT's San Francisco bureau. She covers social media including Facebook and Twitter and the dark and mysterious world of cybersecurity. Hannah has worked for the FT in London, Hong Kong and New York, reporting on everything from British politics to the Chinese internet.
Sarah Mishkin in a correspondent in San Francisco, where she covers payments, e-commerce, and political news on the West Coast. Prior to California, she has worked as an FT reporter in New York, London, Abu Dhabi, Hong Kong, and most recently in Taiwan, where she covered Chinese internet companies, semiconductors, and tech supply chains.

At least 824 000 displaced by Ukraine conflict: UNAround 95 per cent of the displaced people are from conflict-torn eastern Ukraine. (Source: AP)
By: Agence-France Presse | Geneva | Posted: October 24, 2014 4:55 pm
The conflict in Ukraine has driven more than 824,000 people from their homes, the UN refugee agency said on Friday, warning that it was having to scramble aid to offset the impact of winter.
At least 430,000 people had been displaced within Ukraine as of Thursday, UNHCR said, 170,000 more than at the start of September.
“With the crisis in Ukraine entering its first winter, UNHCR is racing to help some of the most vulnerable displaced people cope with expected harsh winter conditions,” the UN agency said.
“Ongoing fighting in the east, and the resulting breakdown of basic services, continues to drive more people from their homes,” it added.
Around 95 per cent of the displaced people are from conflict-torn eastern Ukraine.
UNHCR said that the need for humanitarian aid was greatest around Donetsk, Kharkiv, Kiev and in the Dnipropetrovsk and Zaporizhia regions.
In addition to those displaced within Ukraine, another 387,000 have fled to Russia, while 6,600 have applied for asylum in the European Union and 581 in Belarus, UNHCR said.

UK economy grows 0.7% in third quarterUK economy grows 0.7% in third quarter
Emily Cadman
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2407feae-5b59-11e4-a674-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Weak exports weigh on SKorea GDPWeak exports weigh on South Korea GDP
By Simon Mundy in Seoul
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d7a1dc86-5b2d-11e4-8625-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

N.C. Board of Dental Examiners podcastComments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers.
All comments are posted in the All Comments tab.
Get a badge
To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in.
Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers.
Spam

There is now only one confirmed case of Ebola in the United StatesBy Mark Berman October 24 Follow @markberman
News vans park outside a bar and bowling alley that had been visited by the New York Ebola patient. (Lucas Jackson/Reuters)
The fear that surrounds Ebola — a disease that is incredibly deadly and not very contagious, a plague that has killed thousands yet is difficult to contract — is understandably exacerbated whenever a new case is diagnosed. The realization that one person contracted it opens up the possibility that other people may have gotten it as well; the fact that people are rarely stationary reminds us that a person with the virus can board a commercial flight, ride in a subway, take a taxi and otherwise exist in the same world as you and everyone you know and love. At the same time, anxiety breeds paranoia and paranoia begets panic, clouding the realities on the ground.
All of which is to say that, as of Friday morning, there is now only one confirmed case of Ebola in the United States.
Craig Spencer, a doctor who had fought the virus in Guinea, was diagnosed Thursday in New York City . He is the fourth person diagnosed in the United States.
At a news conference on Friday, Anthony Fauci, head of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, announced that nurse Nina Pham is "free of Ebola" and said it was "a privilege" to treat her at the National Institutes of Health in Maryland. (AP)
Two nurses who had cared for Thomas Duncan, the first person diagnosed in the country, had contracted Ebola during Duncan’s treatment. Nina Pham, the first nurse diagnosed with Ebola in Dallas,  was declared “virus free” on Friday morning, according to the National Institutes of Health in Bethesda. The second nurse, Amber Vinson, was said to be virus free two days earlier . Duncan, the “index patient” in Dallas, who had flown from Liberia to Texas last month, died eight days after  he was diagnosed.
Dozens of people who had contact with Duncan — including several who had been in the apartment with him as he was exhibiting symptoms, which is when a person can become contagious — were deemed  not at risk of developing Ebola earlier this week, after making it through the 21-day window when experts say the virus emerges.
Public health officials continue monitoring the people who had contact with Duncan during his treatment and with the nurses and, as of Thursday, began to watch three people who had contact with Spencer. The United States has likely not seen its last case of Ebola. Other diagnoses are expected in the coming weeks and months, authorities say, as the virus continues to ravage West Africa. But amid fear and panic, it is worth remembering that — if you are reading this in the United States — unless your name is Craig Spencer, you presumably do not have Ebola.
Mark Berman is a reporter on the National staff. He runs Post Nation, a destination for breaking news and developing stories from around the country.

P Chidambaram takes on Narendra Modi  Arun Jaitley over black money list; wants Rahul Gandhi to  speak moreHome
Economy
P Chidambaram takes on Narendra Modi, Arun Jaitley over black money list; wants Rahul Gandhi to 'speak more'
PTI | New Delhi | Updated:  Oct 24 2014, 20:41  IST
Oct 24 2014, 20:41  IST
 

Amazon  Muddy river© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/8b2fa686-5af5-11e4-8625-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Ebola in the United States: A timelineEbola in the US: A timeline
Friday, 24 Oct 2014 | 12:15  PM ET
A New York City doctor tested positive for Ebola on Thursday after treating patients of the outbreak in West Africa. Here's a timeline tracking how the virus has traveled into the United States so far.
SHARES

Shana Gadarian and Bethany Albertsonshana gadarian and bethany albertson
Air quality in Delhi deteriorates significantly after DiwaliE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Movie review: Shah Rukh Khan s  Happy New Year  all about what he can doE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Malala Yousafzai to go back to PakistanE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Despite firing by Pakistan  India refuses to retaliate; BSF jawans offer Diwali sweets on borderDespite firing by Pakistan, India refuses to retaliate; BSF jawans offer Diwali sweets on border
PTI | Jammu | Updated:  Oct 24 2014, 17:16  IST
Oct 24 2014, 17:16  IST
 

Canada shooter struggled with addiction  turned toIslamPeople gather to pay homage to the soldier who was killed during the shooting at Canadian parliament.
By: Agence-France Presse | Ottawa | Posted: October 24, 2014 11:50 pm
A gunman who stormed Canada’s parliament after killing a soldier at a nearby war memorial was a petty criminal fighting a drug addiction and was estranged from his family, reports said on Friday.
Michael Zehaf-Bibeau, 32, had moved across the country to westernmost British Columbia province to try to start over following a drug conviction in Montreal.
Disillusioned and addicted to crack cocaine, he was drawn to Islam a decade ago as he tried to turn his life around, Canadian media reported, but ended up driving Muslims away as he became increasingly radicalized.
The Globe & Mail newspaper said he would preach to non-Muslims one day and smoke crack cocaine the next.
Meanwhile, he denounced a Vancouver-area mosque’s outreach attempts, complaining that too many infidels were visiting.
At one point in Vancouver, he tried to turn himself in for armed robbery but a police officer could not find any record of the alleged 10-year-old crime, so refused to arrest him, the Vancouver Sun reported.
Instead he was taken to a local hospital for observation but psychiatrists quickly cleared him of any mental illness, so he was driven to a detox center. They refused him because he was not intoxicated.
Soon afterward he was arrested for robbing a fast food restaurant and asked to be kept in jail, hoping there he would get help.
But he would be sentenced to only one day in jail (in addition to 66 days in pretrial lockup).
“I’m a crack addict, and at the same time, I’m a religious person,” Zehaf-Bibeau told the judge in 2012, according to a court audio transcript cited by the Vancouver Sun.
“I want to sacrifice freedom and good things for a year maybe, and when I come out, I’ll appreciate things in life more and be clean, or maybe get therapy if you guys can – like a detox.”
At an Ottawa shelter where he stayed for a few nights before the attack on parliament, residents and staff offered mixed observations, according to the Globe & Mail.
He was praised for helping translate for an elderly man who spoke only Arabic, and was overheard screaming into a telephone at a car rental agency that refused his business (he would instead buy an old Toyota Corolla to use in the attack on parliament).
“He was very pious… but he seemed very extreme,” shelter volunteer Abdel Kareem Abubakir told the newspaper.

One killed in Karnataka forest shootoutUpdated: October 25, 2014 00:11 IST
One killed in Karnataka forest shootout
S. P. Saravanan
Villagers gather near the Palar near Kolathur in Salem district on Friday. Photo: E. Lakshmi Narayanan
TOPICS
civil unrest
Tamil Nadu villagers vandalise checkpoint
Tension is brewing in the ‘Veerappan heartland’ of M.M. Hills, after hundreds of villagers from Tamil Nadu vandalised a Karnataka Forest Department checkpoint and office at Palar in Chamarajanagar district and took away five guns on Friday.
The family members and relatives of A. Palani, 45, of Chettipatti village in the Kolathur block set the checkpoint ablaze, alleging that he was beaten to death by personnel of the Karnataka Forest Department. The movement of vehicles was halted in afternoon and armed policemen were posted in both sides of the border.
The Karnataka police said it was an act of reprisal for forest officials firing at suspected poachers in the Cauvery Wildlife Sanctuary.
“A thousand-strong mob from Govindapadi and adjoining villages in Tamil Nadu entered the border and ransacked the office,” said Javed Mumtaz, Deputy Conservator of Forests, M.M.Hills.
When RFO Madhusudan and his team saw a mob crossing the Palar bridge, they left the checkpoint and the office and fled from the scene. The two-wheeler of the RFO was set ablaze by the mob, which also took away seized ivory, he said.
On October 21, Palani, M. Raja, 42, of Govindapadi and Muthusamy of Nettakalkottai sneaked into the Gobinatham Forest Range in M.M. Hills for hunting. A shoot-out occurred between forest officials and the trio around 3 a.m. Wednesday. Palani’s wife Santha lodged a complaint with the police on Thursday, saying her husband was missing. On Friday morning, his body was found floating with head injuries in the Cauvery at Adipalaru in Karnataka. The others are yet to be traced.
On information, relatives of Palani and people of Govindapadi and the nearby villages gathered in large numbers on the border.
Mr. Mumtaz told The Hindu that forest guards on patrol stumbled upon a gang of four on Thursday and asked them to surrender. But the gang opened fire in a bid to escape. The guards returned the fire, injuring one, who was subsequently found dead.
An anti-poaching camp, which was converted to a school, was also ransacked. “We are getting full cooperation from our counterparts in Tamil Nadu in tracing the poachers,” Mr. Mumtaz said.
Meanwhile, the villagers said Palani was beaten to death by forest personnel and demanded action against them. On a complaint from Santha, the M.M. Hills police registered a case. Villagers demanded that autopsy be done by a team of doctors and the process video-graphed. Even after the body was taken to Mysore for autopsy, over 200 villagers stayed put in the area near the river.

MEA to oversee foreign investments in StatesNEW DELHI, October 25, 2014
Updated: October 25, 2014 10:59 IST
MEA to oversee foreign investments in States
Suhasini Haidar
Tweet
The Hindu
With more foreign dignitaries expressing their desire to visit cities other than Delhi, a special section will also coordinate visits to Tier Two cities, said MEA spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin (in picture).
TOPICS
government
A new division created for the purpose will, however, not deal with policy disagreements.
Aiming to streamline foreign infrastructure investment, the government has announced a new division in the Ministry of External Affairs (MEA), appointing a joint secretary for “Centre-State” relations.
Confirming the development, MEA spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin told The Hindu: “The new post will increase engagement between the MEA and State governments to coordinate State delegations visiting abroad, passport issues and political clearances, as well as to set up a database of State-level tie-ups and work on sister cities.”
With more foreign dignitaries expressing their desire to visit cities other than Delhi, the special section will also coordinate visits to Tier Two cities. However, the new division will not deal with policy disagreements of the kind seen between the Centre and Tamil Nadu over Sri Lanka and with West Bengal over the Teesta accord with Bangladesh.
Sources said the move had followed several complaints from other countries on the lack of coordination between State governments and the Centre. In one such case in August, the Japan Chamber of Commerce and Industry in India had written to the government, seeking “urgent intervention” to help iron out differences in commitments by the Centre that were not implemented by the States on major projects such as the Chennai-Bangalore Industrial Corridor and the Delhi-Mumbai Industrial corridor, for which Japan had committed $100 billion in 2009.
The negative feedback received by Prime Minister Narendra Modi during his recent Japan visit led to the setting up of a special management team in the PMO to deal specifically with Japanese investment.
The MEA has now decided to pre-empt other such problems, with Foreign Secretary Sujatha Singh setting up the Centre-State coordinating office inside the Ministry, which will be run by IFS officer Gopal Baglay, who recently returned from a posting in Pakistan.
The Hindu has learnt that there have been misgivings over the impact of the new push towards involving States in the MEA’s operations. Some embassies have reportedly opposed State officials being posted at missions abroad, while others have questioned the wisdom of allowing the States to deal with foreign governments directly.

Housing bright spotshousing bright spots
Three nations absent as China sets up World Bank rivalThree nations absent as China sets up World Bank rival
Nokia buy helps Microsoft increase sales by 25%Nokia buy helps Microsoft increase sales by 25%
Pak court acquits key accused in Daniel Pearl murder casePak court acquits key accused in Daniel Pearl murder case
Anupam Shah : Needed a trade-friendly FTPAnupam Shah : Needed a trade-friendly FTP
Narendra Modi govt aims at 50th position in ease of doing business rankingE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Franziska Iseli-HallGET UPDATES FROM Franziska Iseli-Hall
 
Like
Franziska Iseli-Hall is an award-winning marketing strategist, speaker, author, philanthropist, entrepreneur and the co-founder of www.BasicBananas.com , a renowned marketing education organisation for entrepreneurs. A Swiss born Australian, she is known for being a true visionary, thinking outside of the box and doing things a bit differently.
She has this rare combination of being both extremely strategic and creative which makes her a powerful thought leader in the business world.
You can find out more about Franziska and get in touch with her via www.basicbananas.com , www.facebook.com/franziskaiselihall or on Twitter @franziskaiseli
Entries by Franziska Iseli-Hall
Perceptionism: How Are You Being Perceived?
(0) Comments | Posted November 17, 2014 | 1:33 PM
Walking down a busy New York City street with a dear friend a month ago, I spied a guy dressed in expressively colorful clothes coming towards us, singing out loud as music blasts in his ears. My friend whispered, "What a funny character". "Maybe we are the funny characters' I...
From Sh*t to Hit - Providing Remarkable Customer Experiences
(0) Comments | Posted October 22, 2014 | 10:02 PM
The other day I flew back to Sydney from New York and just as I was dreaming of unicorns, rainbows and shooting stars, someone suddenly jolted me out of my sleep by yanking my seat up.
'It's dinner time,' the flight attendant said. 'Brilliant' I thought, I'd much rather hang...
Simplification Is a Beautiful Thing: How to Simplify Your Business and Life
(4) Comments | Posted September 23, 2014 | 5:51 PM
I was listening to an interview the other day about a movie producer who made millions and realized that money doesn't make him happy (nothing new, I know!), in fact his fancy lifestyle and all the toys and gadgets he possessed made him pretty unsatisfied. So what did he do...

Moscow and Kiev talks end in an impasseRussian and Ukrainian presidents fail to reach breakthrough
James Politi in Milan
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8f48dbca-55d7-11e4-a3c9-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sweden vows to increase defence spendingSweden vows to increase defence spending amid hunt for submarine
Richard Milne, Nordic and Baltic Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/309f0322-590d-11e4-a722-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

7 Ways to Increase Your Social Media Engagementreddit
Improving the level of engagement on your social media channels can be an ongoing and relentless task. Nevertheless, to achieve any real results with your social media strategy, establishing quality engagement is essential. If you want to get more out of your existing social efforts, then ensure you are actioning these six ways to revolutionize your social media engagement.
1. Love to Chat. Start a Conversation.
Start talking to people in your industry, connect genuinely with your own community of peers, reach out to businesses you have a crush on or admire, and most importantly, inspire your loyal customers.
When you start one-on-one conversations on social media and focus on the quality of these interactions, you will not only get more engagement with your own posts, you will have more fun too. You must never "batch and blast" your followers on social media in the hopes to build a quality channel or increase engagement. Studies have found that auto-postinq to Facebook, for example, decreases likes and comments by 70 percent .
2. Eye Candy. Make Your Posts More Visual.
Images and video are the most engaging type of content on social media, as they are quickly viewed and they emotionally connect with readers. As of April 2014 , 87 percent of the most shared Facebook posts worldwide contained a photo. To increase the engagement of your posts, make sure there is always some type of creative visual element connected to the content.
3. Share the Love. Cross-Promote.
Establishing authentic relationships and connecting with key players in your industry is not only a great way to make new friends and boost credibility, but it also helps you to access a wider network of people and amplify your own message. Start following key influencers and share their articles and content with some of your own commentary.
4. Money Talks. Pay When Possible
In most cases the paid options on social media networks are the most effective and engaging. In these cases you are paying to access a more targeted audience that will often have a stronger interest in your products or services. Exploring these opportunities will increase you social engagement but it can also enable you to get the most out of your online marketing budget .
5. Create Value. Follow The 80-20 Rule.
Adding value and developing community is a less popular underlying intention of many social media campaigns as most people are simply pushing self-promotion which does not foster a great basis for real engagement. Often this sort of communication lacks personality or value for those which it is reaching out to.
When companies neglect to be involved in a community of cross promotion, people sense they are being sold to, rather than 'communicated with' and quickly loose interest. Instead, follow the 80/20 rule.
Eighty percent of your posts should be socially focused:
Talk about industry news
Share articles from other people you admire
Interact with comments and customers
Discuss your community's concerns and questions
Showcase events you are attending or have attended
Cross-promote with credible people of influence
Share past and present posts from your business blog
In addition to this, 20 percent of your posts should be strictly promotional, talking about your products and services, with clear call to actions.
6. Power Of Suggestion. Always Include A Great Call-to-Action
Be sure to tell your audience what you want them to do at the end of every post. Ask them a question that they can answer in the comments. Tell them to visit the link in your post. When you tell your audience what you want from them, they are more likely to act upon it.
7. Thoughtful Communication. Proof Read More Than Once.
When you are done crafting your perfect post, review it over and over again. Check for grammar and spelling errors. Click the link to check it works correctly. Make sure photos are good quality and not stretched or pixilated. Analyze the tone and wording to ensure it is in line with your brand personality and that it will not come off as negative or offend anyone. Once you're happy with your post, hit send and get your engagement on!
Simply being active on social media with one-directional, broadcast posts is no longer enough, and honestly, unless you are engaging and building your social community, it's likely to be time poorly spent. As more and more small businesses establish their social media channels, engagement must be front and center, taking time in establishing brand relationships will be the deciding factor in your message being heard, and social media having a positive impact on your business.
For more information and tips on social media and online marketing for small business check out our website, Magicdust Website Design .
Follow Bianca Rothschild on Twitter: www.twitter.com/secretlyfamous
More:

Six important questions for your potential investorsSix important questions for your potential investors
What to ask potential investors
RomoloTavani / Getty Images/iStockphoto
Business
'It's equally important that you vet the investor to make sure she fits with your goals.'
A while back, fellow entrepreneur Aaron Schwartz and I were on a panel at NextSpace in Berkeley. We were sharing the stage with the Venture Capitalist Michael Berolzheimer of Bee Partners and Doug Bend, a great startup and small business attorney. The panel was about the mechanics of raising your first round of financing. The audience, consisting of mostly early-stage entrepreneurs, wanted to know how much you should raise (how much do you need?), what type of story you should tell (an honest one?) and of course, whether you should raise equity or debt (it depends!).
8
Toward the end of the discussion, Michael listed off a set of questions that you, the entrepreneur, should bring into every investor meeting. We have collectively raised $1.5 million in capital for our businesses, and I think that Michael's questions were incredibly insightful. They're listed below, with added color from our own experience.
When was the last time you made an investment?
0
Seed stage VCs should be making investments actively. If the investor hasn't made an investment in the last three months, they might not have money to invest and could be wasting your time. Unfortunately, quite a few VCs take meetings although they lack funds. You can use tools like Mattermark to get some of information on investors' last investment before the meeting.
What is your typical bite size?
Investors typically invest different amounts; some invest $25K-100K and others might not write checks smaller than $250K. Before wasting your and an investor's time, research the investor's typical investment size. For example, when Michael from Bee Partners was an angel investor, he had companies that were looking for $250K pitch him, but he didn't write checks bigger than $100K. You can use Angel List to look at investor's typical investment sizes. (By the way, now that Michael is a VC, he does write $250K checks!)
What's your process like? How do you make a decision?
Investors can have very different investment processes. Some may make a decision after one meeting, and others may take five meetings without making a decision. Ask the investor about their process. If they hem and haw, get out — it's not worth wasting your time. Getting a “no” is way better than getting no answer. Raising money can be a full-time job for a founder, so learning about an investor's processes can help you know what to expect.
Who else do you co-invest with?
If an investor has committed, ask who she co-invests with. Warm introductions from an investor can be incredibly impactful — she's putting her money and credibility on the line. The referred investor then knows it must be a worthwhile deal. If the investor has a network of “co-investors” in general, she probably means business. One caveat: If the investor passes on your company, don't ask for introductions to other investors. An introduction from an uncommitted investor can send a negative signal.
How does our business fit within your portfolio?
Of all the questions on this list, this is the easiest for you to research ahead of time. You might find that no other businesses in the portfolio are similar to yours — in that case, get ready for a quick meeting! Similarly, if there are a lot of businesses similar to yours, you might run into a conflict. In general, you're looking for the “just right” portfolio — one with analogous companies that might share a business model, but no (or few) direct competitors.
How do you interact with founders after investing?
Bee Partners has been incredibly supportive of both of Magoosh and Modify. When Bhavin was raising a bridge round for Magoosh, Michael was the first investor to commit. Similarly, Modify just launched Major League Baseball watches, and Michael helped Aaron connect with other companies in the portfolio who provided great advice about the terms of the licensing group. Some investors are hands on, some will make introductions to their entire network, and some will do nothing — know what you are getting into!
There are no “right” answers for any of these questions. It's important that you know what type of relationship you're entering. Your investors are going to be your partners for the long-run. Most startups focus on ensuring that an investor understands the business. It's equally important that you vet the investor to make sure she fits with your goals.
Bhavin Parikh is CEO and co-founder of Magoosh. Co-author Aaron Schwartz is the founder and CEO at Modify Industries, Inc.

Banks lending to infra projects still dwarfs that of specialised debt fundsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

How to Become a Connective Leader Who Fosters Conviviality and Collaborationreddit
Want to become a sought-after, connective leader? Then become the glue that bonds others together around their most talented sides. Consider this approach.
In experiments, psychologist David Trafimow and colleagues asked half of the study participants to think about how they were different from their friends and family and asked the other half to consider how they were similar to their loved ones. They then asked participants to describe themselves. Those who were asked to think of similarities gave descriptions that included more relationships and roles than those who had thought about their differences. That spurred them to feel closer to each other.
To boost bonding among others so they are more apt to work (or play) well together, ask them, when together, to do two powerfully simple things that can be done rather quickly:
1. Write down the ways they are like each other. Hint: Create a level playing field. Writing rather than immediately sharing helps slow thinkers keep up with fast thinkers. Fast thinkers aren't smarter, just different in their thinking processes, and each kind has advantages and pitfalls, so they can accomplish more together than when a majority in a group think and speak at the same speed. Hint: Salespeople are often fast thinkers.
2.  Share with each other what they wrote, going around the circle, one by one.
Bonus benefit: Other studies show that when you reflect on how you are similar to those with whom you are talking, you pay more attention to them. You care about them more. That spurs the other person to listen more closely to you.
What successful ghost writer, Bruce Kasanoff , advises as a path to self-promotion, " without being a jerk ," is also central to bringing out someone's better side: "Be generous and expert, trustworthy and clear, open-minded and adaptable, persistent and present."
Tip: Look past what's "wrong" with others, and instead see what's special about them in very pragmatic and actionable terms, suggests Kasanoff.
"A true leader is not one you look up to because they are the best. A true leader is one that draws the best out in you." -- Anne Warfield
Follow Kare Anderson on Twitter: www.twitter.com/kareanderson
More:

Will the Law Finally Catch Up to Goldman Sachsreddit
Remarkably, Goldman Sachs , one of the richest, most powerful, politically connected (aka Government Sachs ) too-big-to-fail Wall Street banks, has demonstrated a Teflon-like ability to bounce back from egregious misdeeds, if not outright illegal conduct, and horrible publicity.  From Matt Taibbi's Rolling Stone classic "great vampire squid wrapped around the face of humanity" to Sen. Carl Levin 's expose of Goldman's infamous Abacus derivatives rip off , for which Goldman paid the SEC a record $550 million to settle ( without, of course, admitting any wrongdoing ), not to mention the massive government bailouts that kept it from collapsing (oh, and the billions of dollars in AIG's bailout funneled through the backdoor to Goldman as well), Goldman has appeared to be on the ropes, only to end up back on top again, seemingly unscathed, welcomed again with open arms in all the rich, powerful, connected industry, media, political, charitable and social circles.
But, a pending lawsuit in London against Goldman might just change that.  In it, Goldman is alleged to have ripped off the Libyan sovereign investment fund, losing 98 percent of the $1.3 billion invested and pocketing $350 million in fees, as detailed in a recent Financial Times article .
Like most lawsuits, this one is full of conflicting accounts, but it reveals a few themes related to Goldman's business practices, almost regardless of where they occur.  (Hint: see Sen. Levin's hearings in/ report by the Senate Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations of the Abacus CDO deal and the testimony related to Goldman's selling its clients what was referred to as a "sh**ty deal." )
One theme is that, whenever a client of Goldman's loses money, it's apparently never Goldman's fault, never a bad investment, never bad advice and never due to Goldman's own conflicts of interest.
Another theme is that Goldman's clients are apparently very sophisticated and, if they lose money, it's their own fault, they should have known better, they were sooooooooooooo smart.  In fact, Goldman seems to want the world to believe that their clients are just as smart and sophisticated as they are, at least when they lose money and especially when they sue Goldman.  (Remember also that some/many/most of Goldman's "clients" are not, as CEO Lloyd Blankein's testimon y before Sen. Levin's committee made clear, actually "clients," but "counterparties" who Goldman was entitled to sell virtually anything to and make as much money as possible.)
In the lawsuit, the "clients" Goldman claims were sophisticated were described as "'a team of clearly naïve and unqualified individuals...doing their best in the face of extremely intelligent, ambitious and experienced individuals.'"  Goldman's position that its clients (or counterparties or, for that matter, muppets) are sophisticated appears particularly questionable given that Goldman appears always to make money, but its really, really sophisticated clients, er, counterparties, er, muppets often don't appear to.  (Frankly, the massive losses inflicted on the buy side - including some of the supposedly most sophisticated investors -- during the financial crash should have killed the myth of the sophisticated investor a long time ago, but it remains a potent legal defense and Goldman is pushing it hard.)
In addition to the issues raised directly in the lawsuit and in reporting about possible bribery, prostitution and other corruption , a couple of other interesting issues are suggested by the allegations.  First, outside the lawsuit, Goldman has publicly claimed ( at Levin's hearing for example ) that it began to protect itself and its balance sheet in 2007 and early 2008 as it saw a high risk of extreme volatility and a possible crash of the subprime mortgage bubble.  Yet, it is alleged in the lawsuit that, "[b]etween January and June 2008, Goldman execs set up a $1.3 billion investment [for its client LIA] in option contracts on Citigroup, Italy's UniCredit, Spain's Banco Santander, German insurer Allianz.... The investment ... worked on the thesis that the stocks would rise in value."
Thus, it appears that Goldman was defensively protecting itself due to a concern about a possible crash from the subprime bubble at about the same time it was putting its client Libya into firms like Citigroup with huge exposure to that bubble .  Was Goldman trading/positioning itself opposite the way it was advising its clients like the Libya at the same time?  How many other clients did it position like Libya?  How many clients did it position opposite Libya during this time?
Second, while Libya is alleged to have lost about $1.3 billion on the investments, who made the $1.3 billion?  Put another way, who was on the other side of the trades?  Was Goldman, directly or indirectly, on the other side?  If Goldman "earned $350 million in profit" from placing $1.3 billion in trades, as alleged, that's a pretty nice profit.  Was any of that from principal positions?
Curiously, this lawsuit and these issues are getting very little U.S. media coverage. For example, Politico's Morning Money wouldn't even mention the half page Financial Times article on the lawsuit .  But, the outcome of the lawsuit for Goldman's and Wall Street's clients and counterparties "sophisticated" or not, is potentially far-reaching.  Will this case finally end the "myth of the sophisticated investor," opening the door to a mountain of other lawsuits against Goldman and the other too-big-to-fail sell side megabanks on Wall Street?  Will this case finally reveal who was on the winning side of all those losing bets, er, positions that Goldman and others put their clients into?  And, will we learn how Goldman and others traded for their own accounts at the same time they were selling various positions to clients?
Follow Dennis M. Kelleher on Twitter: www.twitter.com/Bettermarkets
More:

From Sh*t to Hit - Providing Remarkable Customer Experiencesreddit
The other day I flew back to Sydney from New York and just as I was dreaming of unicorns, rainbows and shooting stars, someone suddenly jolted me out of my sleep by yanking my seat up.
'It's dinner time,' the flight attendant said. 'Brilliant' I thought, I'd much rather hang out with my unicorns.
But seriously, he could have tapped me on the shoulder rather than abruptly waking me as if there was an emergency (wow, I sound like a total princess here! It's not that I was dreaming of being kissed awake by a prince. Or maybe I was?).  Airlines are an interesting business to study and since I fly a lot I see many differences between airlines. The level of service varies so much between them and most have the consistency thing figured out, they are either consistently bad or consistently excellent. I won't name and shame.
The thing is that it doesn't take a lot more effort to provide an outstanding customer experience. But it does leave a lasting impression and people will most likely talk about you and your business. They also talk if the experience is bad! Even more so. And it's so easy for people to share their experiences with the whole world thanks to social media. This is a great opportunity for entrepreneurs to step up and shine. You don't need a huge budget to be seen and for others to spread your message, you need an outstanding experience, one that is remarkable and worth talking about.
So let's take the 's' out of 's***' and create positively memorable experiences that make people talk. Hit experiences (sorry, couldn't come up with a better word, but you get what I mean).
From greeting people with a big smile when they enter your business (even if you don't feel like smiling), to sending your clients surprise postcards in the mail to remembering someone's name. It's all in the details. And as entrepreneurs we have to pay attention to them if we want to get noticed and be seen.
So here is a small challenge for you, look at your own business and brainstorm ideas on how you can provide even more 'hit' moments for your clients every single day. What areas of your business can be improved?
At Basic Bananas we have a team meeting every Friday (I admit it, I'm not a big fan of meetings but this one I love) where we celebrate the week and discuss one aspect of the business that can be improved to create even more awesomeness for our business community. Maybe you could do the same in your business?
Let me know your ideas, I'm sure together we can come up with some brilliance and lift the entrepreneurial game. It's the entrepreneurs that invest in providing outstanding experiences that will always be at the helm.
Follow Franziska Iseli-Hall on Twitter: www.twitter.com/franziskaiseli
More:

Sweden abandons submarine huntSweden abandons submarine hunt
Richard Milne, Nordic Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/07bdf246-5b4d-11e4-a674-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

This is what happens when you get a dog in TV studioTV Fail! Dog steals weatherman's show!
Recommend
1 month 17 days ago, Entertainment news
A dog gets the better of a weatherman during a TV broadcast:
More on Entertainment news:

Security scare: IAF notification on Xiaomi phones based on old report Everything you need to knowIAF asks personnel not to use Xiaomi phones: Everything you need to know
Debashis Sarkar | New Delhi | Updated:  Oct 25 2014, 12:41  IST
Oct 25 2014, 12:41  IST
 

Euro up after report on bank stress tests  short-covering0
Its New Zealand peer slid to 92.35 yen , retreating from a seven-year high of 93.97 set just on Friday.
Traders said investors were forced to take profits on bearish yen trades as a four-percent drop in oil prices to five-year lows triggered a selloff in energy stocks. That, in turn, saw the S&P 500 <.SPX> suffer its biggest fall since October.
Currencies of oil-producing countries fared poorly with the Canadian dollar reaching a fresh five-year low of C$1.1486 per USD . The Norwegian crown fell to a 5-1/2 year trough of 7.1872 per USD .
Asian stocks should track Wall Street lower in a move that will probably continue to support the yen in the hours ahead.
Bank of New Zealand currency strategist Raiko Shareef said there also appeared to be growing speculation that the yen's depreciation has come about too quickly.
"Japanese officialdom would be quick to agree, now sensitive to the complaints of Japan's importers. No doubt helped by some post-payrolls profit-taking, this is USD/JPY's biggest single-day fall since mid-October," he said, referring to Monday's performance.
Indeed, the sharp fall in dollar/yen helped drag the greenback down against the euro, which popped back above $1.2300 , from a two-year trough of $1.2247.
Still, investors were likely to remain wary of buying the common currency amid speculation that the European Central Bank (ECB) was poised to ease policy further early next year.
Executive Board member Benoit Coeure kept those expectations alive on Monday, saying policymakers last week agreed unanimously to assess how and when to react to downward inflation risks in early 2015, and that they could then change their asset buying plans.
Several Federal Reserve officials spoke on Monday as well, but stuck to a dovish script that offered nothing new in terms of when the central bank will likely lift interest rates.
(Editing by Diane Craft)

Will Ukraines new parliament will be more reformistSign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

Is the Internets future purely nastyBy Alyssa Rosenberg October 24 Follow @AlyssaRosenberg
The Pew Research Center released a report this week that attempted to take a snapshot of the uglier side of online discourse. I wrote yesterday about the role that online gaming plays in driving the harassment of young men in particular. But I was even more unsettled by another one of the report’s findings: “Harassment occurs among all age groups,” the study’s authors wrote, “but it is especially prevalent among younger adults.”
The entrance to Facebook’s main campus in Menlo Park, Calif. (Robyn Beck/Agence France-Presse via Getty Images)
To ask this question that comes naturally from these results is to risk a bout of kids-these-days-ism. But I will risk it: Is online harassment a phase we grow out of? Or will it be a permanent and growing part of our lives on the Internet?
The Pew researchers, led by Maeve Duggan, found that 40 percent of their 2,839 survey respondents reporting having been harassed, and 73 percent of them had observed the harassment of someone else.
These figures would be disturbing enough on their own. But younger respondents reported higher rates of harassment than older adults did. If younger uses are early adopters of new technologies, should we brace ourselves for online conservations to get uglier?
The differences between young Internet users and adults who go online as a whole are striking. Forty-nine percent of young people surveyed have been called “offensive names” online, compared with 27 percent percent of all adults surveyed. Twenty percent have been threatened with physical harm, though just 8 percent of all adults surveyed have had that experience. And 14 percent of respondents between ages 18 and 29 have experienced sustained harassment online. Only 7 percent of adults overall who were surveyed have been targeted in this way.
Being young and female seems to make you a particular target. Twenty-six percent of female respondents between ages 18 and 24 have been stalked, and 25 percent have experienced online sexual harassment. Those rates of harassment are, respectively, 18 and 19 percentage points higher than those surveyed experienced as a whole.
Online harassment is also concentrated in media that are more popular with younger users. Sixty-six percent of the respondents who reported being harassed said that their attacker’s barbs were delivered via social media, as compared with just 16 percent of users who said that they were harassed through messages sent to their personal e-mail accounts.
“[Social media's] popularity with younger internet users is especially tied to the high incidence of online harassment on social media sites and apps,” Duggan and her colleagues wrote. In other words: It is not social media that makes people cruel. Instead, people in the demographic experiencing the most cruelty are heavy users of social media, so harassment shows up more there than elsewhere.
So what is going on here? It would be the oldest shtick in the columnist’s playbook for me to shove a pair of bifocals up the bridge of my nose and blame the youngsters for the coarsening of our culture. But if what we are witnessing is not so much a prolonged shaking-off of the language of that famous battlefield — the schoolyard — but a permanent, wearied acceptance of new levels of nastiness, that is worthwhile to know.
“Because this is the first time we’ve looked in-depth at this topic, we don’t have any trend data to answer your questions,” Duggan wrote in an e-mail when I asked whether the harassment rates among young Internet users were a harbinger or a phase.
Of course, the Internet is more than a wretched hive of scum and villainy.
Duggan pointed me to a 2011 Pew study of Facebook usage , which concluded that “the typical internet user is more than twice as likely as others to feel that people can be trusted. Further, we found that Facebook users are even more likely to be trusting.” The researchers also found that Facebook was a conduit for so much emotional support that “for Facebook users, the additional boost is equivalent to about half the total support that the average American receives as a result of being married or cohabitating with a partner.”
In the end, it may be that the Internet leaves us more open and vulnerable to the rest of the world, for both good and ill. Venturing online may mean exposing ourselves to the cruelties of strangers. (Most respondents in the most recent study told Pew that the person harassing them was either a complete stranger or that they were unsure of the real identity of their attacker.) Making ourselves available there also gives our friends an easy way to extend kindness to us and to express support when we are being harassed.
Alyssa Rosenberg blogs about pop culture for The Washington Post's Opinions section.

Ebola patient in New York is stable and talkingBy Mark Berman October 24 Follow @markberman
New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio says a team of disease detectives tracking the movements of a doctor diagnosed with Ebola will soon detail their findings. (AP)
The doctor diagnosed with Ebola on Thursday in Manhattan is in stable condition, authorities say, and is talking to public-health workers as they try to trace his steps in recent days.
Craig Spencer, a doctor who had been caring for Ebola patients in Guinea, returned to New York a week ago. He reported a fever on Thursday morning and was isolated and transported by a special unit wearing personal protective gear.
Even as “disease detectives” work to determine who Spencer may have encountered and check the coffee shops and restaurants he visited, officials stressed that they felt they had the situation contained and urged calm among residents.
“New Yorkers who had not been exposed to an infected person’s bodily fluids are simply not at risk,” New York Mayor Bill de Blasio (D) said during a briefing Friday afternoon. “There is no reason for New Yorkers to change their daily routine in any way.”
Spencer “poses no threat to others,” de Blasio added.
The ongoing treatment for Spencer at Bellevue Hospital involves giving him fluid and electrolytes and monitoring his vital signs, said Ram Raju, head of the city’s Health and Hospitals Corporation. Spencer remains in good enough shape to talk on the phone and tell the disease detectives from the health department about his steps so far this week.
Spencer had “valiantly volunteered to work in Guinea,” Mary Bassett, the New York City health commissioner, said Friday during the same briefing. Since returning, he has been self-monitoring and taking his temperature, first reporting a fever of 100.3 degrees on Thursday morning, she said.
Ebola patients are only contagious when they have symptoms. Even though Spencer had no known symptoms before Thursday morning, Bassett said that authorities are working to trace his every movement since 7 a.m. Tuesday.
Disease detectives with the Health Department have visited and cleared a Blue Bottle Coffee location on the High Line in Manhattan and The Gutter, a bowling alley and bar, in Brooklyn, she said.
A restaurant called the Meatball Shop is still being assessed and is expected to reopen by 6 p.m. if it is cleared, she said.
It is still not known how Spencer contracted the illness, Bassett said. “We may never know how he became infected,” she said.
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, which dispatched a rapid response team to New York late Thursday night, said Friday that it had confirmed the positive Ebola test in its Atlanta laboratory. This followed a separate test conducted in the New York City Health Department’s facility a day earlier.
Because he had originally flown out of Guinea, stopping at Brussels along the way, Spencer was screened at John F. Kennedy International Airport on Oct. 17 using the enhanced screening measures  put into place earlier this month. He had no fever at the time.
Mark Berman is a reporter on the National staff. He runs Post Nation, a destination for breaking news and developing stories from around the country.

Wall St. boosted by earnings; on track for best week of yearS&P 500 posts worst day since Oct; energy shares sink
Reasons to be thankful
US economy keeps looking better despite a surprise drop in consumers confidence
US economy keeps looking better despite a surprise drop in consumers confidence
By Caroline Valetkevitch, Reuters
The state and city pensions would be solvent now if the state and city had put in there share and this sustained rise in the market.
ch47fixer
125
The S&P energy index <.SPNY> tumbled 3.9 percent and traded at its lowest since June 2013 as Brent crude  fell to a five-year low on predictions oversupply would keep building until next year. Leading the decline, shares of Exxon Mobil  fell 2.3 percent to $91.70 while shares of Chevron  dropped 3.7 percent to $106.80.
The energy index is now down 12.8 percent for the year and is the only major S&P sectors in negative territory for 2014. [O/R] The S&P 500 is up 11.5 percent for the year so far.
Most growth-oriented sectors also fell, suggesting investors were avoiding riskier areas of the market.
Meanwhile several of the year's biggest gainers also sold off, possibly due to year-end profit-taking, said Michael James, managing director of equity trading at Wedbush Securities in Los Angeles. Among them, Apple  was down 2.3 percent at $112.40, while GoPro  shares fell 6.3 percent at $67.65.
"This has been a monster market, and it's been eking out new records. So it's taking a breather. The question is, is the U.S. equities versus other asset classes trade done," said Uri Landesman, president of Platinum Partners in New York.
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> fell 106.31 points, or 0.59 percent, to 17,852.48, the S&P 500 <.SPX> lost 15.06 points, or 0.73 percent, to 2,060.31 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> dropped 40.06 points, or 0.84 percent, to 4,740.69.
The tumble follows gains Friday, which had pushed the S&P 500 to a record high close for the 49th time this year.
Volume picked up after midday, while the S&P 500 moved more than 21 points from its high for the day to its low, its largest high-to-low swing in more than a month.
On the New York Stock Exchange, 71 more stocks made 52-week lows compared with those making new highs, the largest gap skewed in favor of new lows since Oct. 16, the day after the market made its bottom in the recent pullback.
Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by 2,180 to 919, for a 2.37-to-1 ratio on the downside; on the Nasdaq, 2,048 issues fell and 699 advanced for a 2.93-to-1 ratio favoring decliners.
McDonald's  shares shed 3.8 percent to $92.61 after the fast-food restaurant chain reported a steeper-than-expected fall in global same-restaurant sales in November and said fourth-quarter results would be hurt by a supplier scandal in China and a stronger dollar.
About 7 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges, compared with the 6.6 billion average for the month to date, according to data from BATS Global Markets.
(Editing by Bernadette Baum and Meredith Mazzilli)

Seasons GreetingsPrint
Written by Pratik Kanjilal | Posted: October 25, 2014 12:07 am
Many software programs come with ‘Easter eggs’ included — hidden functionalities designed to surprise and awe. For instance, QuarkXpress, the publishing program on which this page has been made, has a secret combination of keystrokes which causes all the alphabets to fall off and pile up at the bottom of the computer screen. It is a fine device to remind journalists of the ephemeral nature of news and the permanence of hubris.
On our television screens, too, Prime Minister Narendra Modi has hatched an Easter egg. What we always knew but never quite realised is that a PM can snap his fingers and get airborne anytime at all, and descend anywhere at all. In Modi’s case, this is literally true because unlike former PMs, he is not trammelled by the logistical headache of carting about planeloads of journalists to sing his praises at 30,000 feet. Twitter sings for him.
But there was an Easter egg within the Easter egg: Siachen. Not since George Fernandes has a national leader attracted so much attention with a Siachen visit. What was originally billed as a three-hour, no-meal visit to Srinagar mopped up three days of prime-time juice. He has certainly got more bang out of bucking the trend than Rahul Gandhi ever leveraged from his Dalit homestays. On the morning of the day before, Zee was running a curtain-raiser on its ticker: “Coming soon: Learn how Narendra Modi will spend his Diwali.” And the image of a combat-ready Modi, complete with oxygen mask, classy snowshades and other modcons will persist for years. The man is having a ball, and part of the kick is the ability to set the agenda for the media, and to set them scurrying.
India’s intrepid reporters have suffered intolerable hardships this week, having had to spend their Diwali far from family and friends, in the rarefied atmosphere of Siachen and amidst the victims of the floods in Kashmir. The mood in the Valley is understandably un-festive and the PM himself is not ideal Diwali company, as it is generally understood in north India. However, at least the intrepid have been spared the incredible Diwali pollution in the capital. CNN-IBN, which tracked air quality and sought the opinions of the public-spirited pessimists over at the Centre for Science and Environment, levels of nitrogen dioxide have more than doubled since Diwali last year. NDTV reported that Delhi’s pollution had jumped to nine times the usual level. The pessimists stood vindicated.
Was the festival the provocation for Barkha Dutt’s interview of former finance minister P Chidambaram? Muhurat trading, the association with speculation and gambling, that sort of thing? Well, no, the peg was the possibility of the Congress being embarrassed over black money. Chidambaram deflected that and wished out loud that his successor Arun Jaitley had gone all the way with reforms. Ironically, even right-wing economists on TV had disparaged Jaitley’s maiden budget as a UPA-style squib.
The image of the week was the usual aftermath of a Sangh Parivar victory: the winner has his face continued…

Crude oil reverses overnight gains as Ebola concerns weighCrude oil reverses overnight gains as Ebola concerns weigh
Ericsson rides on India momentum  July-September sales grow 9%Ericsson rides on India momentum  July-September sales grow 9%
Dave Thomas named Adidas India MDDave Thomas named Adidas India MD
See Where Most Indian Billionaires Graduated FromSee Where Most Indian Billionaires Graduated From
Editorial: Missing TB casesE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

If Rs 745 cr is flood relief for J&K  its not enough:CMAbdullah said no foreign government has offered help till date.
Written by Muzamil Jaleel | New Delhi | Posted: October 25, 2014 12:49 am
Jammu and Kashmir Chief Minister Omar Abdullah has said no international aid to help the flood-ravaged state has been rejected by the government.
He said it is early to say whether Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s Diwali visit was a “meaningful gesture or not” and “if symbolism is all we get, then it is of no use but if his meeting with people helps clear the picture about the extent of damage caused by the floods and the need for a substantial central assistance, then it is good”.
Speaking to The Indian Express, Abdullah said no foreign government has offered help till date. “There are only two international organisations — World Bank and Asian Development Bank — who want to get involved,’’ he said.
He said any international aid has to be routed through NGOs that have foreign remittance registration.
When asked whether the government will accept aid offer from Islamabad, he said that is a bit complicated and then such a decision has to be taken by the Centre. “I presume these things work on reciprocity and they had recently turned down our aid offer,’’ he said. Abdullah said the government is organising duty exemption on the equipment that are being donated. “It is being done on case-to-case basis. We are also giving full state tax exemption on donated stuff.”
Referring to the financial assistance of Rs 745 crore announced by Modi during his Diwali visit to the state, the Chief Minister said if that is the Centre’s relief package to the flood ravaged state then it is far less than expected and inadequate. “If this is all we get, then I am not fine,’’ he said. “But I will give them (Centre) a benefit of doubt. They have not rejected the request for the relief package that we have submitted. They haven’t said how much they are going to accept as yet,’’ he said. The J&K government has made a request for a flood relief package of Rs 44,000 crore to help rebuild the ravaged infrastructure and homes.
Abdullah said the Centre hasn’t communicated to his government as to when would they take a decision regarding their request for the package. He said his government will also need to clarify what PM Modi meant when he said that the Rs 175 crore granted for helping the devastated infrastructure of the hospitals will be given to hospitals in Jammu and Leh. “That’s a bit misleading because the hospitals in Jammu city and Leh were not hit by the floods. I don’t know which six hospitals he was referring to. Our four main hospitals in Srinagar — SMHS Hospital, Bones and Joints, GB Pant Children Hospital and SKIMS Hospital in Bemina — have been damaged in the floods. The loss is around Rs 400 crore in these hospitals,’’ he said. “The hospitals in Jammu city and Leh continued…

Student wounds six  kills self in US school shooting:reportsPrint
Police and sheriff vehicles are parked in the driveway of Marysville Pilchuck High School in Marysville, Wash., Friday, Oct. 24, 2014, the afternoon after a morning shooting in the school's cafeteria. (Source: AP)
By: Press Trust of India | Los Angeles | Posted: October 25, 2014 12:45 am | Updated: October 25, 2014 10:11 am
In yet another tragic shooting in a US school, a student opened fire in a school cafeteria, killing one student and critically injuring four others before taking his own life, police said.
The shooting occurred on Friday in the cafeteria of Marysville-Pilchuck High School, 55km north of Seattle in Washington State.
The shooter was identified as Jaylen Fryberg, who was recently named the school’s homecoming prince. He shot himself and died, the police said. Eyewitness said the shooting began from cafeteria. Before turning the gun onto him, Fryberg killed one girl student. Two other girls and two boys were wounded. The injured were taken to a nearby hospital.
The four injured, including two cousins of the gunman, were shot in the head, the BBC reported.
Hundreds gathered at The Grove Church in Marysville, Wash., in the evening for a vigil to honor victims of a shooting at Marysville-Pilchuck High School on Friday, Oct. 24, 2014. (Source: AP)
Zach Yarbrough, a junior, told the local Seattle Times that he saw the shooter “extend his arm across a round table and fire his gun three to four times.” He watched the shootings but didn’t see what happened afterward because he “was already out of the cafeteria.”
One of the injured students, Jarron Webb, 15, said the shooter was angry about a romantic relationship he was involved in, and that the girl was one of the people shot. He said he believes one of the victims was his friend since kindergarten, the daily reported.
According to CNN, the shooter used the gun of his father. It is a “high capacity” weapon, the channel reported.
The school was locked down after the gunshots in the building, the school district said.
The FBI is sending its personnel to assist local officials in investigation.
This was the second shooting incident in a school in the region this year.

Big bulls say time to buybig bulls say time to buy
Police: Shooter is sole casualty at high school north of SeattleDeadly school shooting near Seattle
View Photos
A student opened fire in a high school near Seattle, killing two students and injuring three before killing himself, officials said.
Caption
A student opened fire in a high school near Seattle, killing two students and injuring three before killing himself, officials said.
Oct. 27, 2014 Elijah McGourty, 15, and his sister Kylah, 16, hug their mother, Mary, as they stand at a growing memorial on a fence around Marysville-Pilchuck High School in Marysville, Wash. Ted S. Warren/AP
Buy Photo
Wait 1 second to continue.
“Everyone just started running. I could hear the gunshots and my heart was racing and we didn’t know what was going on,” student Adam Holston said, the Times reported.
On Saturday, the Associated Press reported that three of the four victims were in critical condition with head wounds; one of them was identified as Andrew Fryberg, 15. The fourth victim, 14-year-old Nate Hatch, was in serious condition, according to Harborview Medical Center in Seattle. Relatives told KIRO-TV that Jaylen Fryberg was the cousin of Andrew Fryberg and Hatch, AP reported.
A hospital official identifies two female students shot by a classmate at a high school near Seattle. The 14-year-old girls remain in critical condition. (Reuters)
The school, which is located about 45 minutes from Seattle, was locked down after the gunshots in the building, the school district said. By Friday afternoon, police had secured the school campus and were busy interviewing roughly 30 witnesses, including students and staff, Lamoureux said. Parents were told to go to a church nearby to meet their children.
“There are really no words to describe this type of tragedy,” Marysville Mayor Jon Nehring said during a news conference.
Video footage captured by local media and photos posted online showed a considerable police presence outside the high school.
Students line up to take buses to meet parents blocks away. #liveonkomo pic.twitter.com/vJjaRiNped
— Connie Thompson (@ConnieKOMO) October 24, 2014
Students being put on bus at #MPHS . pic.twitter.com/PrA2wSawES
— KIRO 7 (@KIRO7Seattle) October 24, 2014
This was the second shooting at a school in the region this year. In June, a gunman opened fire on the campus of Seattle Pacific University, killing one person and injuring three others.
The FBI said Friday it was sending personnel to the school to offer assistance to local law enforcement.
[This post has been updated with new information. First posted: 2:56 p.m. Friday.]
(Google Maps)
Mark Berman is a reporter on the National staff. He runs Post Nation, a destination for breaking news and developing stories from around the country.
Elahe Izadi is a general assignment national reporter for The Washington Post.

Amazon on track for largest annual loss in 12 yearsAmazon on track for largest annual loss in 12 years
U.S. considering quarantine for returning Ebola health workers: CDCU.S. considering quarantine for returning Ebola health workers: CDC
Amit Agarwal: The logical salesmanAmit Agarwal: The logical salesman
India to explore food  energy opportunities with Latin AmericaE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Pace of growth to pick up as reforms draw investmentE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Sunny Leone celebrates her husband s birthday on sets of Mastizaade in ThailandE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Furious Digvijay Singh reacts over Narendra Modi taking  one-rank  one-pension  scheme creditE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Cameron ire at being blindsided by EU billDavid Cameron angry over €2.1bn EU surcharge
Alex Barker in Brussels and Chris Giles and George Parker in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c190d932-5b6f-11e4-b68a-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Swedish sub hunt ends in farceSwedish hunt for submarine descends into farce
Richard Milne, Nordic Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9bd892c2-5b7c-11e4-b68a-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Interpretation of international lawUpdated: October 24, 2014 13:40 IST
Interpretation of international law
unrest, conflicts and war
Maintaining a workable international legal order requires the most powerful countries to set the correct precedent. If the U.S. is indeed justified in using force in Syria, then it ought to offer a legally tenable defence for its participation in the conflict
The United States’ supposed grand strategy to thwart the rampaging Islamic State (IS) is seemingly in a shambles. Reports indicate that IS has not only foiled the U.S.-led attacks thus far, but has also perpetrated massive defeats on the Iraqi army. What’s more, the Syrian rebel coalitions that were working closest with the U.S. are also apparently beginning to turn against America.
The attacks in Syria against IS — an extremist Sunni organisation — and Khorasan — a mysterious, and far lesser known, network — began in the middle of September through a series of carefully planned air strikes; they were, to illustrate the magnitude of the assaults, the largest single operation by the U.S. military since NATO’s intervention in Libya in 2011.
Invoking Article 51
The on-going acts of aggression on Syrian territory, by many accounts, might only be the tip of the iceberg. The consequence, however, of a prolonged battle, analysts say, could backfire miserably on the U.S. It could, for instance, further strengthen the militantly oppressive regime of the Syrian President, Bashar al-Assad. But, all of these practicalities apart, what has been most telling about the American attacks, are the almost-mundane inevitability of them all. As the journalist Glenn Greenwald observed, it seems “Empires bomb who they want, when they want, for whatever reason.”
Officially, although it seems to matter so little, the U.S. has sought to justify its attacks by invoking Article 51 of the United Nations Charter. “States must be able to defend themselves, in accordance with the inherent right of individual and collective self-defense … when, as is the case here, the government of the State where the threat is located is unwilling or unable to prevent the use of its territory for such attacks,” wrote U.S. Ambassador to the U.N. Samantha Power in a letter to the U.N. Secretary General, Ban Ki-moon. “The Syrian regime has shown that it cannot and will not confront these safe-havens effectively itself. Accordingly, the United States has initiated necessary and proportionate military actions in Syria in order to eliminate the ongoing [IS] threat to Iraq .…”
While the attacks against IS have been sought to be justified as an act in exercise of collective self-defence of Iraq, the legal justification offered for strikes on Khorasan is different: those strikes are a response to what Ms. Power described as “terrorist threats that [Khorasan] pose to the United States and our partners and allies.”
Treaty and customary law
The international law on the use of force by states is governed both by treaty — the U.N. charter, to which the U.S. is a founding signatory — and customary law. The latter is a set of rules that acquire binding status by virtue of extensive practice by a number of states acting out of a sense of obligation over a sustained period of time. In this case, Ms. Power’s statements might look like legal justifications, but, in fact, they are almost completely shorn of reasonable basis under both treaty and customary law.
Insofar as treaty law is concerned, Article 2(4) of the U.N. Charter states that members shall refrain in their international relations from “the threat or use of force against the territorial integrity or political independence of any state .…” Therefore, any armed attack by a state in a foreign territory is prohibited unless otherwise permitted by the charter.
Article 51 of the U.N. Charter represents the general exception to this rule. It preserves every nation-state’s “inherent right of individual or collective self-defence if an armed attack occurs against a Member of the United Nations,” until the Security Council intervenes. Provided however that any such response ought to be immediately reported to the Security Council.
Here, given that the Assad government has offered no express authorisation to the U.S., the attacks are, without question, in violation of Syria’s sovereignty. Therefore, the aggressors ought to necessarily look towards the exceptions to the prohibited use of force under the U.N. Charter in justifying their actions.
"International law may not have changed as much as to justify attacks against non-state actors purely because the host state is unwilling or unable to quell such an actor."
The International Court of Justice (ICJ), as Kevin Jon Heller, a professor of criminal law at The School of Oriental and African Studies (SOAS), London, has pointed out, has taken a staunch view on the subject; it has held that Article 51 of the U.N. Charter permits acts in self-defence against non-state actors (such as IS and Khorasan) only in limited circumstances. In both Nicaragua v. the United States (1986) and the Advisory Opinion in the case of the Palestinian Wall (2004), the ICJ ruled that an action is justifiable under Article 51 only where the non-state actor’s armed attacks are attributable, in one way or another, to the state whose territorial integrity is being infracted. In this case, therefore, the U.S. will have to show that the acts of ISIS, and Khorasan, are attributable — either explicitly or implicitly — to the Syrian government.
America’s purported justification for the attacks, flowing from Ms. Power’s letter, however involves no such analysis. Instead, it merely states that because Syria is unwilling or unable — it doesn’t tell us which — to prevent the use of its territory for attacks by IS and Khorasan, the U.S. is justified in invoking its collective right of self-defence.
‘Unwilling’ test
The problems with such an explanation are various. First, the “unwilling or unable” test that the U.S. seeks to invoke, as much as it would like us to believe otherwise, has no valid basis in international law. It neither finds any mention in Article 51 nor has it been accepted by a sufficient number of nation-states for it to acquire the status of customary law. As Prof. Heller has observed, international law has evolved tremendously since 9/11, but it may not have changed as much as to justify attacks against non-state actors purely because the host state is unwilling or unable to quell such an actor.
Second, even if one were to assume that the “unwilling or unable” test has acquired legal imprimatur, the attacks by the U.S. in Syrian territory remain on flimsy ground. Syria has offered no explicit consent for such attacks, and has certainly not stated that it is either unwilling or unable to counter the threat of IS. Quite to the contrary, the Syrian Foreign Minister, Walid al-Muallem, who is also the country’s Deputy Prime Minister, has said, “Any strike which is not coordinated with the [Syrian] government will be considered as aggression.” In furtherance of the same statement, Mr. al-Muallem told the U.N. General Assembly that the attacks by the international community must be within “the frame of full respect of national sovereignty and in conformity with international conventions.” These statements, as are self-evident, are expressions neither of unwillingness nor inability. As the French President, François Hollande, put it at a press conference following the U.S.’s initial air strikes in Syria: “We’re very concerned with the aspects of international law. We’ve been called in by the Iraqis; we’re not called on in Syria.”
Illegalities
Third, and possibly most frighteningly, as Mr. Greenwald has reported, it isn’t merely the fact that the U.S. has failed to show any evidence of an imminent attack on its homeland, which is worrying. It is that the Khorasan Group, that the U.S. originally referenced, might well be a figment of its imagination. Thus far, America has failed to display any proof that the Khorasan actually exists.
To make matters worse, the White House has also confirmed that a standard that President Obama announced as part of a supposed U.S. drone policy, which would see the country launch drone strikes only when there was a “near certainty” that there would be no civilian casualties, would not apply to air strikes against IS.
Just as it failed to do with Russia’s military intervention in Ukraine earlier this year, it is quite clear that the international law against the use of armed force — embodied in Article 2(4) of the U.N. Charter — has fallen short of constraining, or even as much as defining, the ongoing attacks by the U.S. in Syria. It is possible that most civilised nations consider the American attacks as legitimate and necessary, even if illegal. But, if that were the case, shouldn’t such illegality matter more when it assaults the very foundation of our international legal order? And do not these attacks further negate any semblance of legitimacy that international law still enjoys? Sovereignty, once upon a time, used to be inviolable.
If the lack of a global uproar against the American intervention in Syria represents a tacit acceptance of the necessity for these attacks, the question still remains: why is international law so weak as to be incapable of producing a lawfully tailored solution to counter the Islamic State’s most gruesome threats, including a potential genocide of Yazidis?
Asking these questions at a time such as this might appear, to some, imprudent. But it is important for countries that often seek to occupy a moral high ground when other countries indulge in illegal military interventions to set good examples. Maintaining a workable international legal order requires the most powerful countries to set the correct precedent; if the U.S. is indeed justified in using force in Syria, then it ought to offer a legally tenable defence for its participation in the conflict.
When Barack Obama assumed office as the U.S. President, many believed that his administration would correct the policies of the disastrous Bush regime. But the Obama administration might well have created far more dangerous dogmas, as its vacuous defence of the attacks on Syrian soil shows. If countries treat these justifications by the U.S. as edicts, the already parlous state of international law could suffer far greater dents.
(Suhrith Parthasarathy is an advocate in the Madras High Court.)

Ebola jitters for some  but not all NewYorkersPedestrians enter the Bedford Avenue L Subway station in the Williamsburg neighborhood of Brooklyn that was visited by Craig Spencer, a Doctors Without Borders physician who tested positive for the Ebola virus.
By: Associated Press | New York | Posted: October 25, 2014 1:20 am
Traveling into Manhattan by subway from Brooklyn on Friday, the day after a New York doctor was diagnosed with Ebola, Dennis Johnson and his fiancee, Lian Robinson, were trying to be sensible about the odds of the disease spreading.
Still, they found themselves discussing possible escape routes out of the city, just in case.
“I think we’d have to drive,” said Johnson, 42, noting that planes, trains and ferries were modes of transport he’d avoid. New York, he added, “is a big city. It’s a melting pot.”
Veronica Lopez had another way of describing the nation’s most populous city: “Like a giant cesspool.” The 21-year-old student was feeling especially jittery because she lives in a Harlem building next door to that of the patient, Dr. Craig Spencer, who’s now in isolation at Bellevue Hospital.
For the moment, Lopez was planning to decamp to Westchester. “I’m going home to my parents tomorrow,” she noted. “I’m sure we’re fine. But it’s right next door!”
New Yorkers are a hardy bunch, having weathered any number of calamities – terrorism, superstorms, killer flu scares. And indeed, there were plenty of signs that most people were sticking to their normal routines Friday, heeding Mayor Bill De Blasio’s assurance that there was no reason to be alarmed. The fire department reported no increase in 911 calls. On the number 1 subway line going down the West Side during morning rush hour, cars were packed as usual; that line was one Spencer had used in recent days.
“I’m not that worried about it,” said grad student Eric Pedersen, 33, passing through Penn Station, one of the most crowded places in the city. “It’s only one confirmed case. I’m certainly not completely hysterical – that makes little sense.”
And yet, in a place where space of any kind is at a premium and where a day is a series of countless physical interactions – from the newsstand to the morning coffee guy to the packed evening commute – it seemed hard for many not to feel a tad uneasy.
On the L train – another line Spencer had ridden – a group of schoolgirls in uniform passed around a bottle of hand sanitizer. Construction worker T.J. DeMaso, 41, said he was concerned. “If the outbreaks get any more common, I’ll be moving out of the city,” he said. “You could catch it and not even know it. You could bring it home to your kids. That’s not a chance I want to take.”
Others were more relaxed. Evangeline Love was riding the train to her job with the city Human Resources Administration. “I continued…

Govt forms think tank to draft policy on intellectualpropertyPrint
By: ENS Economic Bureau | New Delhi | Posted: October 25, 2014 1:14 am
Amid the US Trade Representative launching an additional review of India’s intellectual property rights (IPR) regime, the government on Friday said it has constituted a think tank for drafting a national policy on the subject, among other measures.
According to a statement issued by the department of industrial policy and promotion (DIPP), the six-member think tank, headed by Justice Prabha Sridevan, former chairperson of Intellectual Property Appellate Board, will also identify areas in the IPR “where study needs to be conducted and to furnish recommendations in this regard to the ministry”.
“The think tank will provide views on the possible implications of demands placed by the negotiating partners and keep the government regularly informed about the developments taking place in IPR cases which have an impact upon India’s IPR policy,” the statement said.
The move follows an announcement made by commerce minister Nirmala Sitharaman last month that India will have a policy on IPR for protecting its interests in the field. India has been under pressure from the developed countries, mainly the US, regarding its IPR regime, especially in the pharma sector. The DIPP statement said that the think tank will inform the government on best practices and highlight anomalies in the present IPR legislation.
Through the policy, India is aiming at branding itself as the pro-IP regime.

CBI files preliminary enquiry against JSPL  MoEFofficialsPrint
Written by Sagnik Chowdhury | New Delhi | Posted: October 25, 2014 1:12 am | Updated: October 25, 2014 1:14 am
The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) Friday registered a preliminary enquiry (PE) against unknown officials of Jindal Steel and Power Limited (JSPL) and officials of the Ministry of Environment and Forests (MoEF) for alleged irregularities in granting approval for diversion of forest land for mining in Jharkhand’s Saranda Forest division. The irregularities are alleged to have taken place between 2007 and 2013.
The forest is a part of the Singhbhum elephant reserve in West Singhbhum district and is considered one of the best elephant habitats in the country. The JSPL had received approval for diversion of 512.43 ha of forest land for an iron ore lease in Saranda forest division, even as JSW Steel Limited received clearance to mine iron and manganese ores on 998.7 ha land. The approvals were given by the Forest Advisory Committee (FAC) of the MoEF in early 2013.
The forest land sought to be diverted for the JSPL mine had 87,095 trees which would be affected, according to the FAC.

EPFO aims to bring construction workers withinfoldPrint
Written by Surabhi | New Delhi | Posted: October 25, 2014 1:12 am
With the launch of the unique account number (UAN) for provident fund members, the Employees’ Provident Fund Organisation (EPFO) plans to expand its coverage and bring in more workers from the construction sector as well as contract employees under its ambit.
Accordingly, the EPFO has set up two sub-committees under the Central Board of Trustees (CBT) to suggest ways on how to expand the scheme to bring in more works from these sectors. Both the sub-panels will be chaired by Central Provident Fund commissioner KK Jalan.
“Typically, contract workers and construction sector workers lose out on social security benefits as they frequently change their jobs. In the case of construction sector workers, the problem is more magnified as they are often migrant workers,” said a senior PF official.
“The sub-committees will suggest mechanism for increasing the coverage of construction sector and contract workers,” said an official missive. The EPFO’s apex decision making body — the CBT — had, in its meeting in August, suggested setting up the panels. Sources said that proposals suggested by the panels will be reviewed by the trustees in their meeting next week.
The EPFO estimates that a large part of the Rs 27,000 crore lying with it in inoperative accounts belongs to workers from these two sectors who have been unable to retrieve these savings due to frequent job changes.

Landowners sue over fracking delayLandowners sue over fracking delay
Aerial pictures of oil rigs and fracking sites
Zbigniew Bzdak / Chicago Tribune
Aerial pictures of oil rigs and fracking sites near Williston, which is in the middle of the oil boom territory of North Dakota on March 14, 2013.
Aerial pictures of oil rigs and fracking sites near Williston, which is in the middle of the oil boom territory of North Dakota on March 14, 2013. (Zbigniew Bzdak / Chicago Tribune)
Courts and the Judiciary Conservation Natural Resources Energy Resources Christianity Executive Branch
Lawsuit: Fracking delay unconstitutional
Amy Pollard is one of thousands of landowners in southern Illinois who leased land to oil drillers two years ago for horizontal hydraulic fracturing. By now, she thought the money and the oil would be flowing.
But on Tuesday, Marc Miller, head of the Illinois Department of Natural Resources, testified that the agency would not issue fracking permits until rules governing fracking are codified.
On Wednesday, Pollard and a dozen other landowners filed suit against Miller and Gov. Pat Quinn in Wayne County Circuit Court, saying the state's delay in issuing fracking permits is akin to an illegal land grab.
“The failure ... to issue permits for horizontal drilling and hydraulic fracturing is a taking of property without just compensation,” the lawsuit said.
Chris Young, a spokesman for the Department of Natural Resources, declined to comment on the lawsuit and said the agency is continuing to work through the rule-making process.
Quinn's office did not immediately return a request for comment.
The state has been working to codify rules that regulate fracking after legislators passed a plan in May 2013. A committee responsible for reviewing those rules must approve them by Nov. 15, or the rule-making process starts over.
In the interim, the Department of Natural Resources has said it will not issue permits for fracking absent a court order.
The energy industry uses fracking to extract oil or gas from rock by injecting high-pressure mixtures of water, sand or gravel and chemicals.
8
Rod Taylor, an Indianapolis-based attorney representing the landowners in the lawsuit, told the Tribune that some energy firms that planned to drill in the New Albany shale formation, believed to have rich deposits of oil and gas, have abandoned Illinois because they couldn't get drilling permits.
“What happened was the state of Illinois slammed the door on permits for horizontal drilling and hydraulic fracturing,” Taylor said.
He argued that the state essentially has “condemned a portion of the New Albany shale” as if it were seized through an eminent domain procedure without compensation.
The legal argument being used is called “inverse condemnation.” It's the idea that regulation of a property's use has gone “too far,” depriving the owner of a property's value or utility. The precedent for such an argument was established in a 1922 U.S. Supreme Court Case, Pennsylvania Coal Co. v. Mahon.
Taylor said that because the state won't issue permits for fracking, which is not illegal in the state, landowners have lost the right to sell that land for other purposes.
Pollard, of Wayne County, said she is concerned that her four-year lease will expire before oil and gas drilling can begin.
She owns a title searching firm whose business quadrupled three years ago when negotiators for mineral rights from 10 companies descended on the area.
“They've paid out money on all these leases, and in order to renew those, they'd have to pay those landowners again,” Pollard said. “I don't think they're willing to do that.”
Meanwhile, landowners are frustrated, she said.
“Our land has been tied up with these leases; so we can't do anything else with it,” Pollard said.
Taylor said people in Wayne County are desperate for the jobs and tax dollars that would come from fracking.
“We've only got about three things going for us,” Taylor said of Wayne County. “Great people, good land, and oil and gas.”
cComments
In my opinion, Amy is an idiot without a soul for volunteering her land for pollution. I'm glad permits aren't being issued. Especially since the inadequate rules that have been written this far give all the advantage to the oil companies, with extremely low fines if the rules are...
mzdybel1
17
The suit seeks compensatory damages exceeding $50,000 per landowner, along with other relief for a class that Taylor believes will balloon to more than 1,000 landowners.
Steve Robinson, an alderman in the county seat of Fairfield, said many businesses have moved away and people are commuting to jobs far away.
“It would help the community tremendously if we could get more jobs.”
Mark Sooter, manager of business development for Woolsey Energy, confirmed that the company planned to build a $2 million headquarters in Fairfield, but this is now on hold.
That doesn't mean the company is pulling out of Illinois, he said, but it “didn't think it would be prudent at this point to go ahead and spend that capital.” The company, he said, spent millions of dollars on surveys, drilling test wells and procuring leases.
Wayne Woolsey, owner of the company, said, “What we're doing is we're kind of slowing down until someone in the political scenario does a little work.”
He said they've been “delayed considerably,” and the company leased 50,000 acres in Wayne county alone.
If the rules as drafted passed, Sooter said the company most likely will leave the state. He called the draft “outrageous” and said “there were a lot of things added to the rules that were not part of the legislation.” He said the draft rules would make it “impossible for operators to file for a permit.”
Seth Whitehead, Illinois field director for Energy in Depth, a public relations arm of the Independent Petroleum Association of America, said tensions are running high in southern Illinois. Some people, he said, are “bitterly angry” over the delay.
Whitehead said hundreds of people showed up at the first of three meetings sponsored by his group. He expects another 600 next week when a pro-fracking coalition, called O.IL (Opportunity In Land) hosts a meeting at 7 p.m. Tuesday at First Christian Church in Fairfield.
The rules were on the agenda Tuesday of the 12-member Joint Committee on Administrative Rules, but the committee deferred action until Nov. 6.
Oil and gas drillers have mostly held off on fracking in anticipation that regulations would pass.
Environmental groups who want to block fracking say they are seeking clarity on whether oil and gas drillers could begin fracking if the committee fails to adopt the rules next month.
The rules have not been without controversy, with one side saying the regulations overstep the bounds of the law while others say they are too loose.
The rules try to incorporate the more than 30,000 comments that the Department of Natural Resources got about its first draft from all sides of the issue into a final set of regulations.
jwernau@tribune.com

HBO Going Rogue Could Get Us To Net Neutralityreddit
Recently, a couple of cable content providers have announced that they're going rogue and are going to start providing content independently of cable companies. That's good news for consumers who have, until now, been at the mercy of companies such as Comcast and Time Warner. It might also be good news for proponents of Net Neutrality , who have been waging an uphill battle for internet data and traffic equality.
The rest of this post assumes that the reader is familiar with the finer points of Net Neutrality, if that's not the case, you can read more about it here and here , but in a nutshell, it's the idea that Internet service providers (ISPs) should treat all data that travels over their networks equally. The other possible scenario being that ISPs would be allowed to slow down, or "throttle" data transfer from certain sites at their discretion. For example, an ISP could decide they didn't want their customers visiting sites of a particular political party, movie actor, author, store, etc. and slow down speeds significantly resulting in the site taking too long to come up.
That said, HBO announced last week that it will be offering its HBO Go service to viewers who don't have a TV/cable subscription in 2015 -- a stand-alone streaming service. HBO CEO Richard Plepler made the announcement recently saying:
That is a large and growing opportunity that should no longer be left untapped. It is time to remove all barriers to those who want HBO. So, in 2015, we will launch a stand-alone, over-the-top, HBO service in the United States.
This means that popular shows such as Game Of Thrones, the most pirated TV show in history , will be available to you regardless of your cable plan. HBO's move makes sense. According to Entertainment Weekly :
[HBO] officially condemns theft, yet also recognizes that Thrones is an enormous hit, that content leakage is tough to prevent and that the show's popularity among pirates is inevitable (countries such as Australia, where viewers don't receive new episodes via pay cable in a timely manner, tend to be among the biggest piracy territories).
Michael Lombardo, HBO's programming president also told Entertainment Weekly that the downloading was a "compliment of sorts," adding, "the demand is there. And it certainly didn't negatively impact the DVD sales. [Piracy is] something that comes along with having a wildly successful show on a subscription network."
So why not offer a paid subscription service and minimize piracy? Netflix has more than 37 million subscribers in the US who watch and average of 90 minutes of programming every day; 47 percent of American households subscribe to Netflix, Hulu, Amazon Prime Instant or a combination thereof; nearly 50 percent have a TV connected to the internet; and 34 percent watch online videos every day. That's a lot of potential customers. Netflix's model of eight dollars per month has worked so far and frankly, with the exception of Orange is the New Black and House of Cards, the content isn't that great.
The day after HBO's announcement, CBS announced their own "cord cutter" service . For $6 per month, you can live stream CBS programs, get next-day access to current shows on mobile devices, and access an archive of past shows and classics from the network.
Up until now, the only way to get HBO, has been through a provider such as Comcast or Time Warner. The prices vary by region and it's difficult to determine an overall or average cost across the country. If you want HBO from Comcast you'll have to buy a bundle that includes other "premium channels" you probably don't want.
According to hbowatch.com , the price of an HBO subscription, averaged over seven providers, runs about $16/month. Feel free to correct me in the comment section below, but even at $10 per month a streaming service from HBO would be a bargain.
Of the hundreds of channels available to me on my TV I probably only watch a half dozen, of which two are premium and the rest, I could care less. Looking at $60 per month, as opposed to the nearly $150 I spend now is certainly more attractive.
As for the technology, most laptops and tablets are equipped with a micro USB port to play streaming video on most flat screens; Google Chromecast integrates with Netflix and YouTube so far; and gadgets such as the soon to be released Nexus Player and Apple's AirPlay are going to make streaming content more accessible and easy to use.
America lags behind many countries when it comes to the kind of world class network we should have. In terms of speed and access America trails Sweden, Estonia, Korea, Hong Kong, Japan, to name but a few. As for price? According to an article on HuffPost :
Comcast, the nation's largest cable provider, claims it's capable of providing 3Gbps broadband -- but its fastest service currently on the market is $320 a month for 305Mbps. Verizon, meanwhile, has just announced its fastest FiOS ever, 500Mbps for $310 a month. Compare that to Hong Kong, where consumers can get 500Mbps for $25 a month, or Seoul, where the same speed is priced at $30 a month. Only Google Fiber's broadband plan seems competitive with those of other tech-savvy nations: It offers 1Gbps for $70 a month, which is only outpaced by Japan's proposed Nuro network with speeds of up to 2Gbps for $51 a month.
Many countries view internet access as a utility and almost a necessity. In Sweden, for example, people pay about $30 per month for gigabit access as opposed to our ten megabits per second or less. Sweden, Japan, Hong Kong and many European destinations offer connections nearly 100 times faster at lower rates. In America, we're arguing over Net Neutrality that could allow service providers Comcast, Time Warner and others to "throttle" internet speeds and charge content providers and customers more for "high speed lanes." Movie watchers, music lovers, gamers, etc. would all be affected if Congress and the FCC allowed what are essentially monopolies to set their own speeds and prices. Want to play a game with your friends? More money. Want to watch a movie without having to watch that little hourglass every five minutes? More money. How about this article? Are you old enough to remember when a page with this much content and images could take 10-15 minutes to load? For those of you too young to have had this experience and the exercise in patience it required, here's a video .
In an interview for Vox.com with Ezra Klein , Susan Crawford, former Special Assistant to President Obama on Science, Technology and Innovation Policy, had this to say about how the internet is too important to be left to the private market:
What happens is that we deregulated this entire sector about 10 years ago and the cable guys already had exclusive franchises across the country. They were able to very inexpensively upgrade those to pretty high-speed internet access connections. Meanwhile the telephone companies have totally withdrawn. They have copper line in the ground and it's expensive for them to build and replace it with fiber. Because of both deregulation and sweeping consolidation in the cable industry we've ended up on this plateau where for about 80 percent of Americans their only choice for a high-capacity internet access connection is their local cable monopoly.
It wasn't that long ago (less than 20 years) that a cable bill was under $50 per month . The rates have risen faster than inflation and certainly faster than income.
Last June, the Supreme Court reversed a lower court decision to allow a startup, Aereo , that was streaming live TV to computers, tablets, and smartphones using tiny antennae that grabbed over-the-air broadcasts. The traditional broadcasters sued Aereo out of existence, because they know that if the startup had actually succeeded, they would have a harder time hitting the cable companies with high retransmission fees -- which add to cable bills and help keep the whole industry afloat.
Chet Kanojia, Aereo's founder and chief executive, called it a "massive setback" for consumers and "sends a chilling message to the technology industry."
What may hopefully end up happening here is that as more content providers like HBO and CBS go rogue and offer their own content to viewers they'll have a say in what the backbone, i.e. Comcast and Time Warner, can do to that content and the speed at which it arrives to consumers.
The average Joe doesn't have much of a voice these days in what lawmakers are deciding. We can't afford lobbyists to speak on our behalf. HBO, CBS, Showtime, Netflix, Amazon and the rest have more than enough money to lobby for Net Neutrality -- it ultimately affects their bottom line. As strange as this may seem, this could end up being a rare case of what passes for Capitalism in this country actually working for average people.
Read more at NowItCounts
Follow Richard Zombeck on Twitter: www.twitter.com/zombeck
More:

6 Takeaways from Marvels Age of Ultron trailer“Age of Ultron” art. (Courtesy of Marvel Entertainment)
 
THE AGE of Ultron is here.
The first trailer for “Avengers: Age of Ultron,” the sequel to the highest-grossing superhero movie ever, made a whale of an online debut come midweek — first being leaked, then with Marvel Entertainment offering the official trailer.
Whether Marvel planned to release the trailer so soon — or whether this was just a response to the leaks (which were taken down quickly) — remains to be seen, but fans of comic-book cinema were treated to the first look at the next adventure of Earth’s mightiest heroes.
Ultron tries to tear apart Captain America, Iron Man, Thor and the rest of the world in the first official teaser trailer for Marvel's "Avengers: Age of Ultron," in theaters May 1, 2015. (Marvel Entertainment)
Here are Comic Riffs’ 6 takeaways from the “Age of Ultron” trailer:
1. Ultra-words
Given the title, it was only right that the trailer begins with words from the titular villain, as spoken by James Spader, who provides the technologically enhanced chops for Ultron, one of the Avengers’ greatest foes in the books. Let’s see what Ultron has to say:
I’m going to show you something beautiful.
Everyone screaming for mercy.
You want to protect the world, but you don’t want to change it.
You’re all puppets. Tangled in strings.
Reading those words in print does their impact in the trailer no justice. Just listen to Spader: He sounds not only self-assured, but downright menacing. And judging from all the (requisite) destruction, it looks as though we’ll be getting a battle much bigger than the Avengers’ previous bout in New York. This time, it looks like the fight is on a much more global scale.
2. Armored beginnings
Our first look at Ultron is not his final form — that comes later in the trailer, and is it ever epic. It looks as though the Avengers are having a nice little get-together when what looks like banged-up Iron Man armor starts walking and talking. Tony/Robert Downey Jr. has an expression on his face as if to say: “That’s not what that thing is supposed to do.”
Just how responsible is Tony for Ultron’s existence? Is Ultron a result of the egotistic Stark’s not taking into account the danger of his own intelligence? Does Ultron have the intellectual upper hand against the armored Avenger?
3. Ultron and the twins
Ah, yes. The twins. Remember them? Quicksilver (Aaron Taylor-Johnson) and the Scarlet Witch (Elizabeth Olsen) made their first appearance in the Marvel movie universe in the Easter-egg scene at the end of “Captain America: The Winter Soldier.” When we first see them in “AOU,” they’re walking slowly behind Ultron. Are they bad guys to start off? And if so, will they be against the Avengers the entire movie? Will they be Avengers by the end of it? Can Marvel’s Quicksilver top the scene-stealing performance of the “X-Men: Days of Future Past’s” Quicksilver (Evan Peters)?
4. Who you gonna call? Hulkbusters.
Yes, that is indeed Hulkbuster armor you’re seeing, meaning that Tony will be going up against the guy who, in the first “Avengers,” he seemed to like the most — Bruce Banner/the Incredible Hulk (Mark Ruffalo). We were treated to a fun-tastic sparring match between the Hulk and Thor in the first Avengers film. From the looks of it, the Hulkbuster armor holds up well against the strongest there is in the Marvel universe (except perhaps for when the Hulk throws cars at Tony — and then runs through the cars).
5. A call to war?
With the recent news that Downey could be starring in “Captain America 3,” and that the next Cap movie could be based on Marvel Comics’ “Civil War,” it looks as though we might get a prelude to that war in “Age of Ultron.” Tony Stark looks like a man who has lost faith in what he believed in. “It’s the end — the end of the path I started us on,” Stark says. We then see Thor (Chris Hemsworth) lifting an armor-less Stark up by his neck with one hand. Will divisions form among the team starting with “Age of Ultron?”
6. No strings attached
“There are no strings on me.” These words end the trailer, giving us a look at a fully formed, extremely dangerous-looking Ultron, who seems to command any situation he’s in. No matter what Ultron used to be, he wants to make it absolutely clear that he’s in charge now.

Decolonising Maths educationUpdated: October 24, 2014 13:42 IST
Decolonising Maths education
education
As Maths is compulsorily taught in schools, it sets a healthy democratic precedent to decide the nature of Maths education through a public debate which James Glover has initiated in his response (“Everything Vedic in Vedic Maths,”Oct. 15) to my article (“Nothing Vedic in Vedic Math,” Sept. 3). The claim that Maths “is ancient, hence Vedic” holds no water. How do we know it is ancient? Our actual source is a modern one: Bharati Krishna Tirtha. Tirtha never produced the relevant parishishta, even when challenged. How strange that not a single mathematician commented on these aphorisms for over 2,000 years. Such faith-based history — based solely on the word of one person — should be clearly separated from history based on evidence.
Second, if everything ancient is Vedic, what about the anatmavada of Buddhists or carvak? Accepting the denial of atman as “Vedic” knowledge damages the core philosophy of the Upanishads. Thus, stretching the meaning of the word “Vedic” just to save Tirtha’s story has disastrous implications for Hinduism.
Besides, why is that label “Vedic” important? Is Vedic Maths to be taught because of the label or because of its practical value? If the latter, the misleading label “Vedic” should be dropped. If the former, or both, that would be a religious imposition.
A recent petition signed by 50 people and addressed to top educational administrators asks Maths to be taught in school only for its practical uses and in a religiously neutral way. Decisions on such issues should not be taken by some people designated “experts.” They must declare any conflict of interests, and publicly explain the reasons for their decisions.
A deadly cocktail
A cocktail of practical value and religious propaganda can have obnoxious consequences. Post-colonisation, Maths teaching in India blindly apes Western practices — a pity because most of that school Maths actually originated in India. Europeans also imported it for its practical value. However, contrary to popular belief, the understanding of Maths is not universal. Indian ganita accepted empirical proofs. This differed from the European understanding of Maths as metaphysics. Hence, over centuries, the West adapted the imported Indian Maths to fit their metaphysics, which was linked to church theology. During colonisation, the West exported back this religiously coated mathematics, which is now taught globally.
"Maths was considered especially suited to arouse the eternal soul since it was believed that it contains eternal truths."
Maths was considered especially suited to arouse the eternal soul since it was believed that it contains eternal truths. The belief in eternal truths in turn led to the Western belief that Maths is “perfect.” It was further thought that this perfection could be achieved only through metaphysics and not empirically. Today, Maths is 100 per cent metaphysics.
Imperfect Maths
The belief that Maths is perfect is certainly not universal. Indian tradition accepted Maths as non-eternal and imperfect. Most practical applications of Maths today, such as sending a spacecraft to Mars, are done using computers which do Maths “imperfectly.”
Teaching Western metaphysics spreads other biases. All systems of Indian philosophy, without any exception, accept the pratyaksa, or empirically manifest, as the first means of proof. This also applies to ganita. Science and engineering too prefer empirical proofs to metaphysics. So if Maths is done for its practical applications, it is better to accept empirical proofs in the subject. But present-day Maths teaches such proofs, hence all Indian philosophy, is “inferior.”
Does any of this make a difference to 2+2=4? Yes. Why is 2+2=4? Putting together two pairs of apples to show four apples is erroneous on formalism which disallows reference to the empirical. Formalism posits that 2+2=4 can be “rigorously” deduced only metaphysically from, say, Peano’s axioms. Most people don’t know how to do that or even what Peano’s axioms are. Thus, most Western educated never even properly learn 2+2=4. Since they are taught alongside that all other systems are inferior, they are compelled to rely blindly on Western authority for everything. This is by design. To put an end to this mental enslavement through indoctrination, education must be decolonised. The new government ought to focus on that.

U.S. new home sales at six-year high; recovery still fragileU.S. pending home sales post surprise drop in October
An advertisement for a reduced price is seen outside of a home for sale in Dallas
Jessica Rinaldi Reuters,
0
Economists polled by Reuters had forecast pending home sales rising 0.5 percent last month. These contracts become sales after a month or two. Contracts rose in the Northeast, but fell in the South, West and Midwest.
Compared to October of last year, contracts were up 2.2 percent. The level of contracts signed in September was revised slightly higher.
(Reporting by Jason Lange; Editing by Paul Simao)

FT Data: Growth of streamingAbout this blog
Blog guide
Welcome. FT data is a collaborative effort from journalists across the FT working in data journalism, statistics and data visualisation.
We aim to look at statistical issues in depth and provide original analysis of data. Occasionally we’ll also post guest contributions. Get in touch at ftdata@ft.com

Patrick Pouyann  French oil giants new chiefOctober 24, 2014 5:51 pm
Patrick Pouyanné, the Total package
Michael Stothard and Guy Chazan
French oil company’s new chief is a forceful presence and tough boss
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9020bc00-5a11-11e4-be86-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Con-way Freight Announces Results of Union Representation Elections in Southern CaliforniaCon-way Freight Announces Results of Union Representation Elections in Southern California
Think tank set up to advise govt on IPRThink tank set up to advise govt on IPR
Brussels demands budget surcharge© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0f8df0c2-5b64-11e4-b68a-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Black money: Jethmalani slams govt stand in SupremeCourtPrint
Jethmalani had strongly objected to the stand taken by the Centre and said the matter be not heard.
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 25, 2014 1:50 am | Updated: October 25, 2014 8:18 am
Continuing with his tirade against the Narendra Modi-led NDA government, particularly Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley, for saying that the names of alleged holders of foreign accounts having black money couldn’t be shared, Rajya Sabha MP and senior lawyer Ram Jethmalani Friday said the government’s recent submission in Supreme Court in the matter was “ill-advised”.
The eminent lawyer also suggested that the Centre was using the Double Taxation Avoidance Agreement (DTAT) as an excuse to avoid revealing the names of those Indians who have black money stashed away in banks abroad.
Earlier this week, the Centre toed the line of the previous UPA regime by informing the apex court that it couldn’t make public such details as have been shared by countries with which India has a double taxation avoidance agreement.
Jethmalani had strongly objected to the stand taken by the Centre and said the matter be not heard.
“Your action in approaching SC with the kind of petition you have filed is one of the most ill-advised steps taken. The DTAA or any equivalent document is not to be used and cannot be used (to not reveal names),” Jethmalani, an expelled BJP member, said in a letter to Finance Minister Arun Jaitley.
He said the black money investigation rested with the Special Investigation Team (SIT) on the orders of the Supreme Court, adding that it was the government’s duty to “take no steps” without supplying the information to the SIT and taking its permission.
The SIT had been constituted during hearing of the PIL filed by Jethmalani and others.

Godse should have targeted Nehru  says RSSmouthpiecePrint
Written by Liz Mathew | New Delhi | Posted: October 25, 2014 1:46 am
‘Godse was much better than Nehru — he pulled the trigger on Gandhiji’s chest after a respectful bow. But Nehru stabbed him from behind and greeted him from front’
EVEN as the BJP-led NDA government at the Centre is trying to own up Mahatma Gandhi, the Malayalam mouthpiece of the RSS has suggested that Nathuram Godse, instead of assassinating Gandhi, should have targeted Jawaharlal Nehru as he was responsible for Partition and never had any genuine attachment with the Father of the Nation.
“Nehru’s selfish politics was behind all national tragedies, including Partition and Gandhi’s assassination. After an honest evaluation of Nathuram Godse’s arguments and historical documents related to Partition, if history students feel Godse aimed the wrong target, they cannot be blamed. Nehru was solely responsible for Partition of the country,” says an article written by B Gopalakrishnan who was the BJP candidate in Chalakudy in the recent Lok Sabha election. It appeared in Kesari’s latest issue.
Gopalakrishnan, who argued in a two-part series that the RSS had nothing to do with the assassination of Mahatma Gandhi and it was Nehru’s idea to put the blame on the Hindu organisation, went on to say: “Nehru, whose ambition was to become a world leader, was closer to (Winston) Churchill, (Franklin D) Roosevelt and Chiang Kai-shek than he was to Gandhi.”
Speaking to The Indian Express, Gopalakrishnan, said through his articles he was trying to expose the “wrong facts” given in the history, which according to him, was written by the British.
“Nehru was always a selfish man and a hypocrite. He did not want anyone above him in the Congress. But Gandhiji’s popularity and his influence had made him jealous of Gandhi. Nehru was never a disciple of Gandhi,” he said. According to Gopalakrishnan, Nehru was the favourite of the British and the history was written in such a way that he was glorified. “It’s time to rewrite this history and demolish some false idols. We will approach the government to rewrite the history and expose them,” Gopalakrishnan, an office-bearer of the state BJP, said.
In the article, the author said ahead of Partition — which was a decision taken by the British and Nehru was aware of it in 1942 itself — Nehru had kept Gandhi out of discussions on India’s independence. “What Nehru wanted was Gandhiji’s cap and his khadi clothes. Nehru and his family had snatched his attires. Godse was much better than Nehru — he pulled the trigger on Gandhiji’s chest after a respectful bow. But Nehru stabbed him from behind and greeted him from front,” the article said.
The article claimed that Godse was not an RSS member, but a follower of the radical Savarkar group of the Hindu Mahasabha. By falsely blaming the RSS, Nehru had killed “two birds with one stone” — prevented Saradar Patel from becoming a leader above him and managed to ban the RSS through Patel. He has pointed out that post-Gandhi assassination, Nehru had managed to get leaders like Mridula Sinha to demand Patel’s resignation as continued…

3 injured in school shooting near SeattleMARYSVILLE, Washington, October 25, 2014
Updated: October 25, 2014 05:32 IST
2 dead, 3 injured in school shooting near Seattle
AP
Tweet
AP
This image made from a video shows emergency personnel responding after reports of a shooting at Marysville-Pilchuck High School in Marysville, Washington
TOPICS
murder
A student walked into his Seattle-area high school cafeteria on Friday and without shouting or arguing, opened fire, killing one person and shooting several others in the head before turning the gun on himself, officials and witnesses said.
Students said the gunman, who authorities have not identified, was staring at students as he shot them inside the cafeteria at Marysville-Pilchuck High School. As students heard the gunshots, they described a chaotic scene as many ran out of the cafeteria and building to safety while others were told to stay put inside classrooms.
The shooter was a student at the school north of Seattle, but Marysville Police Commander Robb Lamoureux said he could not provide more information on the gunman or his motive. Lamoureux said the gunman died of a self-inflicted wound.
Three of the people who were shot had head wounds and were in critical condition, two at Providence Everett medical center and one at Harborview Medical Center in Seattle. Another victim, a 14-year-old male student, was listed in serious condition at Harborview as well, the hospital said.
Witnesses described the gunman as methodical as he entered the cafeteria.
Student Alan Perez was eating his lunch at a nearby table when he heard the gunshots. “He had a little gun in his hand. I saw the flash from the muzzle,” he told KING-TV.
Another student, Austin Taylor, told the station the shooter “was just staring down every one of his victims as he shot them.”
Senior Jayden Eugenio, 17, was in the library when a fire alarm went off, then someone came over the intercom and said shots had been fired and that students should stay inside.
“I was shaking, you would never believe this would happen in your school,” he said.
Outside the school, students started streaming out of the building, with some trying to jump a fence to get away, witnesses said.
Cedar Parker, a 17-year-old senior, said he was driving away from campus when the shooting happened. He let several students into his car as he heard others yelling for their friends- “Where are you?”
A crowd of parents waited in a parking lot outside a nearby church where they were being reunited with their children. Buses pulled up periodically to drop off students evacuated from the school, with some running to hug their mothers or fathers.
Another shooting occurred June 5 in the metro area at Seattle Pacific University, where a gunman killed one student and wounded two others.

Former CNBC reporter Terry Keenan dies at 53former cnbc reporter terry keenan dies at 53
Couer dAlene apparently changes stance  agrees that for-profit chapel need not perform same-sex weddingsBy Eugene Volokh October 24 Follow @volokhc
As I noted Wednesday , the Couer d’Alene City Attorney concluded that for-profit chapels were covered by the city ban on sexual orientation discrimination: “if they are providing services primarily or substantially for profit and they discriminate in providing those services based on sexual orientation then they would likely be in violation of the ordinance.” But Boise State Public Radio (Jessica Robinson) reports that the city has apparently changed its position:
The city of Coeur d’Alene, Idaho, said a for-profit wedding chapel owned by two ministers doesn’t have to perform same-sex marriages….
[City Attorney Michael] Gridley said after further review, he determined the ordinance doesn’t specify non-profit or for-profit.
“After we’ve looked at this some more, we have come to the conclusion they would be exempt from our ordinance because they are a religious corporation,” Gridley explained.
The Knapps’ lawyer reports that “the Knapps have been contacted by the police about a complaint filed on Thursday by a same-sex couple who were turned away at the Old West themed chapel,” but presumably — given the new stance — the City will refuse to prosecute. (The ordinance doesn’t allow private lawsuits, only prosecutions.)
The Kootenai County Task Force on Human Relations , which (according to Boise State Public Radio) helped create the ordinance agrees, quoting unnamed constitutional experts: “When they are performing a religious activity like marrying people, ministers have the right to choose which marriages they will solemnize. That’s why we don’t think the public accommodation law applies to ministers making choices about performing marriages. So, if the only service offered is a religious wedding ceremony performed by a minister, then the law would not apply.”
As I’ve argued before , I think more than just religious freedom is at stake here — the Free Speech Clause protects the right not to participate in verbal ceremonies, whether religious or otherwise, and whether they are pledges of allegiance (even ones without “under God”) or the conducting of wedding vows (even ones that are secular). A secular freelance writer, for instance, has a Free Speech Clause right to refuse to write news releases for religious groups that he disapproves of (even if he generally takes commissions from the public), or articles praising ceremonies that he disapproves of. Likewise, a wedding officiant has a Free Speech Clause right to refuse to lead wedding ceremonies that he disapproves of. But at least I’m glad that, in this instance, the city has agreed that the ordinance doesn’t apply.
Eugene Volokh teaches free speech law, religious freedom law, church-state relations law, a First Amendment Amicus Brief Clinic, and tort law, at UCLA School of Law, where he has also often taught copyright law, criminal law, and a seminar on firearms regulation policy.

Indian alphonso may be back in EU marketsIndian alphonso may be back in EU markets
Euro zone risks "relapse into recession" without structural reforms  says ECB s DraghiEuro zone risks "relapse into recession" without structural reforms  says ECB s Draghi
AbbVie says tax rule changes scuttled deal for Shire0
By merging with a foreign drugmaker, U.S. companies could shift their legal address overseas and lower their tax bills. An inversion also allows U.S. companies to tap cash accumulated abroad without paying a 35 percent tax to the U.S. Treasury on the proceeds. Stockholders generally love inversions because companies can use the savings to buy back stock, increase dividends or invest in growth opportunities.
Inversions have become so popular that the rest of corporate America has taken notice.
Deerfield-based Walgreen, urged on by large stockholders, considered the maneuver as the company looked to complete its merger with a U.K.-based drugstore chain. Walgreen decided not to do an inversion.
The surge of U.S. corporations looking to incorporate in England, Ireland and other low-tax jurisdictions, however, stirred up a national economic and political debate this summer. Sen. Dick Durbin of Illinois is one of the biggest critics. He has argued that it wasn't morally right for companies that rely on U.S. taxpayer-funded programs to not pay their fair share of taxes.
Despite the burgeoning controversy, Gonzalez pursued Shire, which makes drugs to treat attention-deficit disorder and rare diseases. Shire rejected several bids from AbbVie before agreeing in July to a cash and stock offer that valued the company at about 53 British pounds per share, 53 percent more than the price of the company's shares in early May when AbbVie made its initial proposal.
AbbVie said at the time of the merger agreement that the deal would cut its effective tax rate to 13 percent from 22 percent by 2016.
Meanwhile, legislation to curb inversions gained little traction in Congress this summer. But Durbin and other critics urged President Barack Obama to use his executive authority to reduce or eliminate tax breaks for companies that shift their legal headquarters overseas while maintaining most of their operations in the U.S.
The Treasury Department's guidelines, which took effect immediately, cracked down on complicated transactions, such as internal loans and stock purchases, that multinational companies use to reduce the taxes they owe in the United States.
The new rules didn't initially appear to faze AbbVie. But late Tuesday, the company disclosed that its board planned to reconsider the deal in light of the new tax rules, sending Shire shares tumbling 22 percent Wednesday in London trading.
Shire responded by releasing a statement Wednesday morning urging AbbVie to proceed with the deal. But AbbVie's board had made up its mind.
In its statement Wednesday night, AbbVie said the tax code changes eliminated certain "financial benefits," most notably the ability to access current and future cash in a tax efficient manner.
Shire fell another 7.3 percent Thursday in London. AbbVie closed at $52.90, down $1.73, or 3.1 percent.
If AbbVie stockholders do not approve the deal or a shareholders' meeting does not occur by Dec. 14, AbbVie would have to pay Shire a $1.64 billion breakup fee.

Apple Pay Is Reportedly Double-Charging Bank Of America CustomersApple Pay has been double-charging some Bank of America customers on transactions, according to CNN’s Samuel Burke .
Burke used Apple's new mobile-payment system on Monday, the day of its highly touted rollout, to make purchases with his Bank of America debit card at Whole Foods and Duane Reade. Those purchases appeared twice on his bank statement the following day. Some Twitter and Reddit users reported experiencing the same problem. Like Burke, they were all Bank of America customers.
Burke reported that he called Bank of America for help, but was told it was a problem with Apple. Burke said Bank of America directed him to Apple's help line. Apple, however, reportedly told Burke that there was “nothing they could do about it,” as the company does not keep a record of transactions for security reasons.
Burke said he eventually got Apple and Bank of America on the same line in a three-way-call. He did not disclose any details on what was said during the three-way call. Though he was ultimately refunded his money by Bank of America, the bank maintained that the problem was with Apple Pay, Burke said.
Later, Bank of America tweeted that it was working to fix the problem:
@samuelcnn Hi Samuel, we apologize for this inconvenience and are working to correct this issue and reverse the duplicate transactions. ^bm
— Bank of America (@BofA_Help) October 21, 2014
Bank of America confirmed to The Huffington Post that it will refund all customers affected by the issue and cover any overdraft fees.
"We apologize for the inconvenience and are working to correct the issue. All customers have been made whole," said Tara Burke, a spokeswoman for Bank of America. "We are always here for our customers and resolve any issues they have."
Apple did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
When it comes to questions about Apple Pay, Bank of America directs its customers to call its customer service number. Apple's FAQ also tells users to reach out to their banks for any problems with statements.
For what it's worth, a HuffPost reporter recently used Apple Pay at McDonald's with an American Express credit card and experienced no double-charging.
Update: An Apple spokesperson responded to HuffPost with an emailed statement: "We're aware of a Bank of America issue impacting a very small number of Apple Pay users. They're working on a fix that will be available shortly and reversing any duplicate transactions."
Bank of America spokeswoman Tara Burke added that the issue affected "only about 1000 transactions."
More:

Goodbye to Good Newsreddit
When will there be a good news day? One day when everything seems great. Just one day. One news day where the news is so good that it is the story of the day. A day that excites all Americans, whether they are Republicans, Democrats, or any other political persuasion. The news is so good that all the news coverage is overwhelmed by this wonderful event. Fox News and MSNBC both agree with wild joyous reports, as well as the networks, and even the dour Rush Limbaugh. And no talking head can pick apart this good news because it's just too good.
You might ask, what news could be this good? Well, there were days in our past when we all joined together in mutual enthusiasm. V-J Day: Americans throughout the country took to the streets in wild celebration. I don't believe there was one opposition report that day complaining about various issues, like the cost of the war, or should we have dropped the bomb. Not on that day. Maybe the next day. But that was one day of sheer bliss, pure happiness. Or what about Armstrong's walk on the moon? That was a good day. It didn't include any news on the darker side. The news didn't begin with "Armstrong walks on the moon, the stock market drops, and somebody killed in crash on the GW Bridge." Not on that day. That day was a good news day.
Even the good reports begin to sound like bad news nowadays. There was a good report on unemployment dropping to its lowest point since 2008, but that got beaten up quickly and then so quickly forgotten I was unsure if it was good news.  So was that good news? Was it sort of good news?
This fall it appears Americans are willing to give up voting privileges, women's rights, increases in minimum wages, health plans, educational grants and a long laundry list that would prove beneficial to their own interests as they most likely vote Republican because they are being taught that the present is frightening... the future is frightening. The future is an unknown enemy. Negativity sells. Negativity is a vote magnet.  The Democrats aren't very adept at spreading any good news to counteract, perhaps too fearful that a positive outlook will only bring down the wrath of indignation from the Republicans. And since the goal is winning, be cautious. Don't speak out against the wave of discontent from the opposition. Only Elizabeth Warren, the democratic senator from Massachusetts, speaks her mind. Stands against the tide and believes America can do better. A woman who speaks a positive message of how we can better the social and economic fabric of our country. A woman who has a vision of a better America, of what we can accomplish together. Hopeful. Positive.
I will sum it all up with this one story. A number of years ago I read a report on the weak dollar versus the British pound. I am not an economist, but it went something like this: The pound was apparently too strong against the dollar and it was affecting the trade deficit, or something like that. Months later I read that the dollar was now too strong against the pound, once again affecting the trade deficient but now in the opposite direction. The dollar went from being too low to too high! How is that possible? On its way from being too low to too high, doesn't it have to pass through "just right"? Here was a chance to celebrate that one day of the balance being just perfect and they didn't even tell us. Why didn't we celebrate that one day? THE EXCHANGE RATE BETWEEN ENGLAND AND THE U.S IS PERFECT, SAY ECONOMISTS! A good news day, a small celebration at best, but a celebration never the less.  And believe me, there must be more good news out there, that's the only one I knew about.
More:

End of the American centuryCooperating with Syria now would be an admission that the US made a colossal mistake in joining the conspiracy to oust Bashar al-Assad three years ago.
Written by Prem Shankar Jha | Posted: October 23, 2014 5:09 am | Updated: October 23, 2014 6:34 am
A hundred years after it began, the American century is drawing to a close. It began in the closing stages of World War I, when the exhausted Allies turned to the Americans for the final, decisive push to defeat Germany. It is ending with the Obama administration’s increasingly obvious inability to stop the growth of the IS, the Islamic State. What is coming to an end is not America’s military pre-eminence in the world: no country can even think of waging war against it. What is ending is American hegemony.
Hegemony needs to be distinguished from dominance. Gramsci described it as “the permeation throughout society of an entire system of values, attitudes, beliefs and morality that has the effect of supporting the status quo in power relations”. In international relations, a dominant country enjoys hegemony when it can claim, successfully, that what it is doing in its own interest also serves the general interest. This is the perception of America that is dying in a welter of mutual recrimination.
Momentous changes sometimes reveal themselves in small, even trivial, events. One such occurred on Fareed Zakaria’s CNN programme GPS, on October 12. The subject was the imminent fall of Kobani, the capital city of Syrian Kurdistan, to the IS. While interviewing Barham Salih, former prime minister of Iraqi Kurdistan and deputy prime minister of Iraq, Zakaria asked whether the Kurdish forces, the Peshmerga, would be prepared to go into central Iraq and Syria to fight the IS. Salih’s response was carefully weighed: “Kurdistan has emerged as the most reliable partner of the coalition in the fight against ISIS. There may be a number of reasons. One that I am proud of is that Kurdistan is a tolerant society with tolerant values. We do have a real interest in taking on ISIS… but I have to say that the Peshmerga should not be relied upon to go to Mosul or the heartland of Sunni areas. We can be there to support, but at the same time, the communities there have to be empowered. The same thing can be said about Syria…” I did not hear the rest of the sentence because at this point, Zakaria cut him off.
Zakaria may have done so unintentionally, but in the 15-minute panel discussion that followed, all the participants, Francis Fukuyama, Gideon Rose of Foreign Affairs, Danielle Pletka of the American Enterprise Institute and Walter Mead, professor at Bard college and columnist for The American Interest, also avoided mentioning Syria. Nor did they mention Iran.
Their reticence was strange. Cooperation with Syria has been an option on Barack Obama’s table since day one: in fact, the continued…

Change  Chetan Bhagat styleWritten by Amrita Dutta | Posted: October 23, 2014 12:17 am
To the Chetan Bhagat hero, money matters, as does money-making.
Unless you went to sleep in 2004 and woke up today, an Indian novel selling in lakhs would be utterly unremarkable to you. In these 10 years, Chetan Bhagat happened. He wrote books that had the reach of crowd-pleasing Bollywood blockbusters, and they had a similar grip on what matters to the crowd. There’s more to Bhagat, though, than the phenomenal sales or the many snide jokes that his prose inspires. The thing is, and snigger all you like: Chetan Bhagat wants to change his readers.
From Five Point Someone, which is a novel about the national fixation for engineers, to The 3 Mistakes of My Life, one of the few Indian novels to engage with the 2002 Gujarat riots, to Two States, about the hoary tradition of Indian parents refusing to let their children marry the people they want, the Chetan Bhagat novel maps many of the prejudices of the Indian middle classes —  but also nudges them towards a less constricted worldview. For that reason, it might be interesting to ask of his books: What do they say about his readers (many of them male)? What of their reality is affirmed in these pages? And what is the change that they confront?
To the Chetan Bhagat hero, money matters, as does money-making. Even if he realises that the best institutions (and he’s in them) are designed for mind-numbing conformity, or that the banking job (which he is qualified for) he needs is deathly boring, he knows he has to ace the system, earn enough and then become a writer. What’s stacked against him is, usually, an old way of life, from fuddy-duddy professors to stubborn parents. But, there are few mutinies in a Bhagat novel, his characters are pragmatic anti-rebels who know the world is what it is. In Two States, as in that other defining love story Dilwale Dulhaniya Le Jayenge, Krish and Ananya refuse to elope and do everything to win over their partner’s parents. But if Raj and Simran are traumatised by the thought of sex before shaadi, the lead characters of Two States are not afraid of pleasure. Individual choice is all-important in Bhagat’s books, but family and tradition need to be negotiated with —  and a good bargain struck.
Like Indian engineering colleges, Bhagat’s novels are mostly male worlds. The Chetan Bhagat hero starts out clueless about women, but it is in learning to treat them as  equals that the hero finds love. Can an Indian man know how to accept a no? Madhav Jha from Half Girlfriend fails the test with the crassest of moves, but learns the lesson. At their best, the people in love in Bhagat’s novels spar in a happy, friendly banter. But the author is never really invested in the woman. In Half Girlfriend, Riya Somani, poor little rich girl continued…

This transaction is still incompleteOpening accounts and issuing cards create numbers but amount to little.
Written by S V Srinivas | Posted: October 23, 2014 12:38 am | Updated: October 24, 2014 7:14 pm
By Erica Field, Charity Troyer Moore, Rohini Pande, Natalia, Rigol and Simone Schaner
Earlier this month, the ministry of finance announced that over 50 million new bank accounts have been opened and 17 million debit cards issued since the launch of a bold new plan to grant financial access to the poor. Prime Minister Narendra Modi announced this initiative, called the Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana (PMJDY), in a speech in August. Its ultimate goal is to reach 150 million unbanked rural poor people, giving them formal accounts that come with automatic life insurance, among other benefits, and can serve as destinations for payments from the MGNREGS and other government schemes. It is the most high-profile, and possibly the largest, campaign for financial inclusion in recent memory, and it is admirable in its aim to deliver much-needed services to the rural poor.
On October 7, a few days after releasing those figures, Modi sent an email to bank officers and staff congratulating them on their success so far, but also warning them that the “journey is bound to become more difficult”.
This is almost certainly true. Opening accounts and issuing cards create impressive numbers but amount to little more than creating computer files and encoding bits of plastic. It is when money starts to flow in and out of those accounts, often at the hands of public and private agents with their own set of motivations, concerns and incentives, that the real work begins.
By: C R Sasikumar

Polled into exhaustionListening to TV news, viewers formed the impression that the BJP was somehow a loser, although it had won.
Written by Shailaja Bajpai | Posted: October 23, 2014 1:20 am
If it hadn’t been so tragic, it would have been a spectator’s delight. On Tuesday evening, the TV screens on news channels were lit up with fireworks — and fire — in a breathtaking display of festival lights. Alas, this was no celebration, but the burning and gutting of over 200 firework stalls at the Dussehra ground, Faridabad.
The Hindi language news channels provided the most comprehensive coverage — what is it with English news channels that they shy away from in-depth coverage of such incidents and stick to their scheduled programmes? Channels such as Aaj Tak, Zee News, IBN7 stayed with the story during the evening/ night. IBN7 was a little alarmist, saying thousands of people were present at the accident site, dozens were injured and that two were critically injured. But really it was the visual spectacle of the evening sky blazing a smoky orange that had everyone riveted.
Somewhat less riveting was coverage of the assembly election results in Haryana and Maharashtra, partly due to the exhaustion factor. Since the middle of May, this is the fourth time we have watched poll counts. The fourth time in six months that the morning begins with revoltingly cheerful anchors greeting you a breezy “good morning” over your first cup of morning tea; the fourth time that before you’ve had a chance  to even figure out the day ahead, multiple figures are hip-hopping, waltzing and changing with dizzying regularity before your bleary eyes. You want to jump out of bed and shout out, “Hang on a sec, let me have a bath, breakfast and come to my senses before you start throwing mathematical equations at me!”
Unfortunately, the counting of votes, like time, waits for no one. Not even for the TV news anchors and expert panelists who find themselves saying one thing in the morning, another by the afternoon and the complete opposite by evening.
So, on Sunday morning between 10 am and 11 am, the leads led anchors and experts to conclude that while the BJP was first past the post in Maharashtra, it would “have to go back to the Shiv Sena” (Siddharth Varadarajan, NDTV 24×7). While everyone acknowledged the BJP victory in Maharashtra, its enormity was lost in the ensuing debate across news channels on how the party would approach Uddhav Thackeray for support: “Uddhav is not going to purr like a cat,” said Pankaj Pachauri (NewsX) of the BJP’s predicament, he would wait and watch. It was after all, not a divorce, but simply a case of the wife (Shiv Sena) having gone to her parental home for a short while — as one panelist on Rajya Sabha TV put it. A sort of “lovers’ tiff” according to Siddharth Bhatia (Headlines continued…

Brazilian bidders lift offer for ChiquitaBrazilian bidders lift offer for Chiquita
Samantha Pearson in São Paulo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/fae4a49c-5ac6-11e4-8625-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Generation Gap: How Your Age Affects How You Use Credit Cardsreddit
This country is billions of dollars in debt to the credit card lenders, which is a staggering number. How do you get to a point where the majority of Americans have over $10,000 in credit card debt? Who is to blame? A glimpse into the generational divide helps shed some light on the situation.
In a recent poll we conducted with around 3,000 of our readers, we asked the different generations about their relationship with their credit cards. Here's what we found:
Millennials: The youngest generation tends to understand less of how credit cards work, but they are smarter about not taking on too much credit (they generally only have 1-2 credit cards) and are more diligent about paying on time than the generation before them. They also tend to blame poor financial education on America's rising credit card debt.
Generation X & Y: The middle of the generational spectrum tend to do worse with credit cards. They generally don't pay their entire balance each month and are more likely to dip into savings to pay off credit card debt. The younger of the two generations also tends to blame high interest rates and fees from the credit card lenders for the country's debt instead of poor financial education or mismanagement from the cardholders.
Baby Boomers: With a life of experiences to help guide them, the Baby Boomer generation is the most savvy at using credit cards. They understand how the cards work. The have the highest percentage of paying off their balance each month and not dipping into savings to pay off credit card debt. They also place the blame for credit card debt on cardholder mismanagement. They do tend to have the most credit cards of any generation, though.
As they say, with age comes wisdom, which explains why the Baby Boomers are so much better at handling their credit cards. However, there is something to be said about the younger generation understanding their own limitations when it comes to credit. They are growing up in a world with massive amounts of credit card debt, and they recognize that and are trying to break the cycle. The Millennials have one thing right; we need better education around not only credit cards, but all areas of personal finance.
Close
Top 8 Financial Worries Of Americans
of

From Secret McConnell Audio  12 Destructive Things a GOP Senate Would Doreddit
If Republicans take the Senate next month (and if he wins his own reelection race), Mitch McConnell will be that body's next Majority Leader. Then what happens?
McConnell's been frank about what the GOP would do with the Senate -- at least when he thinks nobody's listening. This quote comes from audio, obtained by Undercurrent's Lauren Windsor, of a talk McConnell gave to a Koch Brothers group in August:
"Most things in the Senate require 60 (votes) ... but not the budget. So in the House and Senate, we own the budget. What does that mean?
"... No money can be spent to do this or do that. We're going to go after them on healthcare, on financial services, on the Environmental Protection Agency, across the board ..."
McConnell attacked the Dodd/Frank financial reform bill in further audio obtained by this week by Windsor, calling it "Obamacare for banks."
McConnell said he would "definitely" defund the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, calling it "the biggest part of the Dodd/Frank bill."
But then, that's been his position all along. Senate Republicans refused to accept anyone's nomination to lead the CFPB when it was formed. Said McConnell at the time: "We're simply not going to ... confirm him or anybody else to this agency that shouldn't exist in its current form."
Last year McConnell remarked , "If I had my way, we wouldn't have the [CFPB] at all."
The course of action McConnell lays out in these audio clips would:
1. Expose Americans to toxic threats, and make additional disasters like the BP oil spill more likely.
Cuts in EPA funding are intended to meet the GOP's stated goal of deregulating high-polluting industries like those of the Koch brothers themselves. That would lead to more fracking, more poisons in the groundwater, a higher risk of water-supply crises like the one recently experienced in West Virginia, increased air pollution...
The result? A sicker population which is at greater risk of environmental disaster.
2. Deprive millions of American of health insurance.
The Affordable Care Act isn't perfect. But it has extended health insurance to millions of Americans, both through the exchanges and through Medicaid extensions at the state level (excepting those states where Republican governors have refused to accept Federal funds for that purpose).
Denying funding for the law would, in all likelihood, close down the exchanges and end the Medicaid program. That would lead to thousands of additional deaths like that of Charlene Dill , a young working mother in Florida. (We discussed her death and related topics with Rep. Alan Grayson here ).
In addition, millions of Americans would lose their exchange-based health insurance under a Republican Senate, including people who have pre-existing conditions or are under 26 years old.
3. Ensure that money that financial institutions obtain dishonestly -- money like the $4.6 billion the CFPB has already returned to consumers -- would remain in the banks' pockets from now on.
The CFPB reports that it arranged the return of $4.6 billion in improperly obtained fees in its first three years of operation. The money was distributed to 15 million customers. In addition, more than three quarters of a million customers will receive remediation from financial institutions (that is, they'll be made whole) as a result of the CFPB's actions.
These actions will stop under a McConnell-led Senate, according to the senator himself.
4. Give a green light for credit-card companies to resume the "deceptive marketing practices" and other abuses that the CFPB has red-flagged.
In its very first enforcement action the CFPB ordered giant credit-card company Capitol One to repay $150 million to ripped-off customers, as well as $60 million to regulators, after the CFPB and another agency identified dishonest marketing practices that resulted in people being saddled with costly and ineffective add-on services they didn't want or need.
Since then a total of three major credit card companies (American Express and Discover are the others) have returned a total of $425 million. Interventions like this would end under a GOP Senate, according to McConnell, and credit-card companies would be free to resume their past deceptive practices.
5. Make credit-card agreements and mortgage documents harder to understand.
The CFPB's rule require credit-card companies and mortgage lenders to write their agreements in plain English. That will end if McConnell has his way.
The end result? Mortgage agreements that are impossible to understand, with provisions that could lead to foreclosure and/or prove financially ruinous to borrowers.
6. Make it harder to shop for student loans.
Defunding the CFPB would put an end to rules which make it easier for students and their families to comparison-shop for student loans.
The student-loan ombudsman's office , which reviews complaints about student loans, would also be shut down.
7. Decrease oversight of credit bureaus.
That would mean, among other things, that it would become harder for you to obtain your own credit report or correct misinformation on your credit record.
8. Close down the CFPB complaint database.
Consumers can now complain to the CFPB whenever they feel they have been cheated, abused, or misled by financial institutions. The CFPB tracks these complaints and intervenes with lenders where appropriate to resolve problems.
That would end, according to McConnell, under a Republican Senate.
9. Increase racial discrimination in auto loans.
The CFPB has been active in monitoring racial discrimination in auto lending , through its review of the business practice of the "indirect lenders" who underwrite these loans. That would stop.
The remediation which has occurred under this program would also end if the Republican Senate and House act as McConnell indicates they would.
10. Protect "too big to fail" banks.
Although Mitch McConnell claims otherwise, defunding Dodd/Frank would be a boon for too-big-to-fail banks. While he claims the law benefits them, the evidence suggests otherwise. As Mike Konczal observes in The New Republic, banks would pursue that designation if it were advantageous to them. Instead they're making every effort to avoid the label.
11. Help shady derivatives dealers
While more needs to be done, the Dodd/Frank law was a definite improvement over the status quo. Konczal also offers a good overview of its other useful features, most of which would cease to exist if McConnell and the Republicans make good on their threats.
12. Allow more sneaky dealing in mortgages
In Undercurrent's audio clips, McConnell seems to suggest that mortgage lenders didn't contribute to the 2008 financial crisis. This is nonsense. Fraud and excessive risk-taking were endemic throughout the mortgage financing system, from the underwriting of new loans to the bundling and selling of mortgages to third parties. That epidemic of fraud and risk-taking was central to the financial crisis, and to a massive loss of wealth for the American majority.
Americans were persuaded to take out loans without understanding their provisions, based on deceitful projections of their homes' future worth. Investors were deceived, too, as banks knowingly and deceptively bundled and sold junk-value mortgages as high-grade investments (with the collusion of the ratings "agencies").
"I have a friend who runs a mortgage business," McConnell says on the audio recording, "and he says the cost of writing a mortgage has gone up $1000 for him."
Underwriting a mortgage clearly takes more time and effort that generating reams of "liars' loans." Businesses would not rather bother, especially when it's more lucrative to cut corners. That's why they support politicians like Mitch McConnell -- and why the rest of shouldn't.
 
Follow Richard (RJ) Eskow on Twitter: www.twitter.com/rjeskow
More:

Bigg Boss  housemates celebrate Diwali in styleCelebrity
Sushant Divgikar bows out of Bigg Boss Season 8
Seven weeks inside the Bigg Boss house is no easy feat! And after spending as much time in the Bigg Boss house, it is now Sushant Divgikar’s turn to return to the outside world as he finds himself eliminated from the show.
Undoubtedly one of the most loved contestants in the Bigg Boss house, Sushant was among those few contestants who got along with everyone. Be it the now infamous P3G group or Diandra and Karishma’s ... more 
Undoubtedly one of the most loved contestants in the Bigg Boss house, Sushant was among those few contestants who got along with everyone. Be it the now infamous P3G group or Diandra and Karishma’s gang, Sushant was friendly with them all. less 
1 / 30

Fyffes and Chiquita revise merger termsBanana group Fyffes offers Chiquita bigger slice of merger deal
By Claer Barrett in London and Samantha Pearson in São Paulo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/32bdc97a-4546-11e4-ab86-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Police: Gunman  1 other person dead in school shooting near SeattleDeadly school shooting near Seattle
View Photos
A student opened fire in a high school near Seattle, killing two students and injuring three before killing himself, officials said.
Caption
A student opened fire in a high school near Seattle, killing two students and injuring three before killing himself, officials said.
Oct. 27, 2014 Elijah McGourty, 15, and his sister Kylah, 16, hug their mother, Mary, as they stand at a growing memorial on a fence around Marysville-Pilchuck High School in Marysville, Wash. Ted S. Warren/AP
Buy Photo
Wait 1 second to continue.
“Everyone just started running. I could hear the gunshots and my heart was racing and we didn’t know what was going on,” student Adam Holston said, the Times reported.
On Saturday, the Associated Press reported that three of the four victims were in critical condition with head wounds; one of them was identified as Andrew Fryberg, 15. The fourth victim, 14-year-old Nate Hatch, was in serious condition, according to Harborview Medical Center in Seattle. Relatives told KIRO-TV that Jaylen Fryberg was the cousin of Andrew Fryberg and Hatch, AP reported.
A hospital official identifies two female students shot by a classmate at a high school near Seattle. The 14-year-old girls remain in critical condition. (Reuters)
The school, which is located about 45 minutes from Seattle, was locked down after the gunshots in the building, the school district said. By Friday afternoon, police had secured the school campus and were busy interviewing roughly 30 witnesses, including students and staff, Lamoureux said. Parents were told to go to a church nearby to meet their children.
“There are really no words to describe this type of tragedy,” Marysville Mayor Jon Nehring said during a news conference.
Video footage captured by local media and photos posted online showed a considerable police presence outside the high school.
Students line up to take buses to meet parents blocks away. #liveonkomo pic.twitter.com/vJjaRiNped
— Connie Thompson (@ConnieKOMO) October 24, 2014
Students being put on bus at #MPHS . pic.twitter.com/PrA2wSawES
— KIRO 7 (@KIRO7Seattle) October 24, 2014
This was the second shooting at a school in the region this year. In June, a gunman opened fire on the campus of Seattle Pacific University, killing one person and injuring three others.
The FBI said Friday it was sending personnel to the school to offer assistance to local law enforcement.
[This post has been updated with new information. First posted: 2:56 p.m. Friday.]
(Google Maps)
Mark Berman is a reporter on the National staff. He runs Post Nation, a destination for breaking news and developing stories from around the country.
Elahe Izadi is a general assignment national reporter for The Washington Post.

Canadian soldier killed in attack goes homeCanadian soldier killed in attack goes home
We need 7.5-8% growth for 20 yrs to address employment issue: Arvind SubramanianWe need 7.5-8% growth for 20 yrs to address employment issue: Arvind Subramanian
India eyes better doing business rankingIndia eyes better doing business ranking
Cameron anger over 2.1bn EU surchargeDavid Cameron angry over €2.1bn EU surcharge
Alex Barker in Brussels and Chris Giles and George Parker in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c190d932-5b6f-11e4-b68a-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

John Lydon; and Vivienne Westwood© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0da234a2-4ee0-11e4-b205-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Comet flies by  orbiter focus back onMarsPrint
By: Express News Service | Bangalore | Posted: October 25, 2014 2:18 am
Having diverted its attention over the past week towards the Siding Spring comet which passed by Mars on October 19, the Indian Space Research Organisation’s (Isro) Mars Orbiter Spacecraft will once again gaze upon the red planet next week in continuance of its primary objective of studying the planet’s atmosphere.
Since being inserted into Mars’ orbit on September 24, Isro scientists have primarily been involved in testing the instruments on board to prepare and put into action a plan to capitalise on the rare opportunity of seeing a comet pass by Mars at a distance of merely 135,000 km.
The Mars Color Camera, which has been taking pictures of the planet’s surface so far, clicked images of the comet while it made its pass around Mars on October 19. The spacecraft also turned its methane sensor and heat measuring instruments towards the comet in the hope of obtaining valuable data.
“The data collected by the instruments, including the camera and the methane sensor, have been downloaded and will be processed over the next week. We hope to get an understanding of the effect the comet has on Mars,” the mission’s director V Kesava Raju said.
“All five spacecraft currently in orbit were more or less at the same distance from Mars when the comet passed. The Mars Orbiter Spacecraft would have been the closest if we were in the originally intended orbit. But because it was adjusted, we had a view of the comet like all the other spacecraft,” Raju added.
On October 19, after the comet passed, the orbiter’s twitter handle had posted: “Phew! Experience of a lifetime. Watched the #MarsComet # SidingSpring Whizzing past the planet. I’m in my orbit, safe and sound..’’
Now that the comet has passed without damaging the spacecraft, Isro is set to resume with its original purpose — to look for Methane, which could be an indicator of biological life on Mars.
“The process of receiving data from the instruments regarding the methane atmosphere started ahead of the passage of the comet. It will continue now. Scientists will deliver the outputs from the data provided,” Raju said.
Meanwhile, Isro is also in the process of reaching an agreement for a working group with Nasa to study Mars.

Burdwan bomb meant for attacks in Bangla:NIAPrint
The agency issued a statement late night stating that it had completed the initial phase of probe into the bomb blast in a house at Khagragarh village in Burdwan district of West Bengal.
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: October 25, 2014 2:16 am | Updated: October 25, 2014 6:26 am
Confirming the initial suspicion in the October 2 Burdwan blast, the National Investigation Agency (NIA) Friday said the accused arrested in the case and their associates were members of terror group Jamaat-ul-Mujahideen Bang-ladesh (JMB), who were preparing Improvised Explosive Devices (IEDs) for transporting them to that country for possible terror attacks.
The agency issued a statement late night stating that it had completed the initial phase of probe into the bomb blast in a house at Khagragarh village in Burdwan district of West Bengal.
While two persons — Shakil Ahmed and Suvon Mandal alias Subhan — both allegedly residents of Bangladesh, were killed while manufacturing IEDs, one Abdul Hakim alias Hassan was injured. Hassan and three others including two women, one of them the widow of a suspected terrorist who died in the blast, were arrested.
“Investigation so far has revealed that the accused persons and their associates were the members of JMB, a terrorist organisation proscribed in Bangladesh and they were preparing IEDs which were being transported to Bangladesh,” the NIA said in the statement.
The agency said it is focussing on the activities of JMB covering all aspects including the funding of terror activities. It said it is also considering announcement of cash rewards for any information leading to the arrest of the absconding accused who include JMB members from Bangladesh.
The NIA statement came hours after its Director-General, Sharad Kumar, inspected the house in Burdwan where the blast took place also took stock of the field investigation being conducted by the agency.
After spending about 30 minutes at the blast site, Kumar inspected another house at nearby Mathpara on Badsahi Road where 40 improvised hand grenades were found. He also visited a house which one of the suspected dead terrorists Shakil had rented in Beldanga in Murshidabad. He later went to ‘Burqa Ghar’, apparently a burqa making unit run by Shakil but suspected to have been used as a place to meet the other accused.
The visit came two weeks after the agency took over investigations. Later, Kumar held a meeting with the agency’s Kolkata team after which he said strategies have been worked out to arrest the absconding accused persons.
“I have come to Kolkata to review the investigation. I had a detailed discussion with my officers. We have evolved strategies regarding arrests of absconding accused persons. I can’t reveal anything because it will affect the investigation,” Kumar said on his return.

Quit drinking  be politically aware: Bihar CM toDalitsPrint
Written by Santosh Singh | Patna | Posted: October 25, 2014 2:15 am
Bihar Chief Minister Jeetan Ram Manjhi has further sought to consolidate his constituency, asking Dalits to “quit drinking and become more politically aware” so that they can “again see a Dalit CM”. Manjhi was speaking at Khijrsarai, Gaya, Thursday during a visit to his Mahkar village on the occasion of Diwali.
“This time, I was made CM under different political circumstances. We are around 17 per cent of the state population. If you quit drinking and become more politically aware, you can be in a position to choose a Dalit CM because of sheer strength,” Manjhi said.
His statement assumes significance because the Dalit CM is facing resentment within the party and also from grand alliance partners, RJD and Congress, over “inefficiency”, especially in the wake of 33 people losing their lives in the Gandhi Maidan stampede on Dussehra.
Manjhi, who is aware of his predecessor Nitish Kumar not being happy with his performance, seems to have further intensified his Dalit agenda. It was Kumar who crafted this agenda under the political nomenclature of Mahadalits, numbering about 12 per cent of the state’s population. Paswans are the only Scheduled Caste which is not included in Mahadalits. They form over 7 per cent of the state’s population.
Two days ago, Manjhi also tried to answer his critics on carrying forward the development agenda of Kumar. “Let us not get into comparisons on what BJP and JD(U) did together. I will ensure I am able to draw bigger line of development,” he said.

Mizoram CM: Wont stop speaking againstracismPrint
Written by Adam Halliday | Aizawl | Posted: October 25, 2014 2:12 am
Targetting racism, Mizoram Chief Minister Lal Thanhawla Friday said he has often been criticised by Central leaders for speaking out against it. He said he will continue to broach the subject.
Lal Thanhawla had last week said in Guwahati that continued attacks on people from the Northeast might lead to “communalism and even secessionism” in the region and pushed for enactment of an anti-racism law.
On Friday, the five-time CM again referred to the subject during a speech to former legislators in Aizawl, where he said, “I often speak out against racism but sometimes leaders at the Centre hate me for it. But I reply by asking them if they consider us (people from the Northeast), as Indians.”
“I have also said many times that if Christianity and Islam are not considered Indian religions then there would always be a danger of communal violence erupting,” he said.
“A person once asked me, where is Mizoram. Is it in China or in Nepal? He said we don’t look like Indians. I asked him to say in one sentence how does an Indian look like? Why cannot Northeastern people be considered Indians even after 60 years of independence? Ask them how can we become more Indian than we have been,” the veteran politician was quoted as saying by PTI in Guwahati last week.

Chit fund scam: CBI interrogates BJDMPPrint
By: Express News Service | Bhubaneswar | Posted: October 25, 2014 2:10 am
Continuing their probe into Orissa chit fund scam, the CBI Friday interrogated Ramachandra Hansda, BJD MP from Mayurbhanj and Rajat Choudhury, state youth Congress president.
In July this year, the CBI had recovered Rs 28 lakh from the house of Hansda. Hansda was one of the founding members of Nabadiganta Capital Services, one of the 44 chit fund firms which are being probed by the CBI. He, however, had resigned from the company in 2012.
During interrogation, Hansda told the CBI that the money recovered from his residence in Mayurbhanj district was his own and had nothing to do with the chit fund company he resigned from. Hansda said he was unaware of the affairs of the company and had purchased some insurance policy from it.
The CBI sleuths also interrogated state Youth Congress president Rajat Choudhury over his link with chit fund group Artha Tatwa.

Gunman in Canada attack complained aboutmosqueThe gunman who shot and killed a soldier in Canada once complained that a Vancouver mosque he attended was too liberal.
By: Associated Press | Vancouver | Posted: October 25, 2014 2:08 am
The gunman who shot and killed a soldier in plain daylight then stormed Canada’s Parliament once complained that a Vancouver mosque he attended was too liberal and inclusive, and was kicked out after he repeatedly spent the night there even though officials told him to stop, Muslim leaders said Friday.
Aasim Rashid, spokesman for the British Columbia Muslim Association, said Michael Zehaf-Bibeau visited the Masjid Al-Salaam mosque for three to four months toward the end of 2011, and possibly early 2012, before he was told not to come back.
Rashid said that before Zehaf-Bibeau got in trouble for using the mosque for accommodations, he had complained to leaders in the previous administration about the mosque’s openness and willingness to let non-Muslims visit.
“The mosque administration sat him down and explained to him that this is how they run the mosque and that they will keep the doors open to all Muslims and non-Muslims who want to visit,” he said at a news conference held at the mosque Friday.
Rashid said that Zehaf-Bibeau was told he should go pray at a different mosque if he disagreed. However, he stayed until he was ultimately asked to leave when officials learned he was still sleeping in the mosque while battling legal troubles.
After the second or third time, he was told to leave the premises and “not to come back,” Rashid said.
“This was the last interaction that the people of the mosque here have had with him,” he said.
Zehaf-Bibeau, 32, shot a soldier to death at Canada’s national war memorial Wednesday, and was eventually gunned down inside Parliament by the sergeant-at-arms.
His motive remains unknown, but Prime Minister Stephen Harper has called the shooting a terror attack, and the bloodshed raised fears that Canada is suffering reprisals for joining the U.S.-led air campaign against Islamic State extremists in Iraq and Syria.
The attack in Ottawa came two days after a man described as an “ISIL-inspired terrorist” ran over two soldiers in a parking lot in Quebec, killing one and injuring the other before being shot to death by police. The man had been under surveillance by Canadian authorities, who feared he had jihadist ambitions and seized his passport when he tried to travel to Turkey.
Rashid said the Muslim association has been working on a preventive program that focuses on minimizing the effect of terrorist and criminal propaganda in Canada. He decried the recent violence.
“These are acts of criminal violence and show utter disregard for human life and the laws of the world as well as its religions,” he said. “We openly denounce the propaganda of the lawless groups trying to incite Canadians to hurt other Canadians.”
In July, another man who attended the Masjid Al-Salaam mosque, 25-year-old Hasibullah Yusufzai, continued…

Hold events on Patels birth anniversary: UGC tovarsitiesPrint
Written by Mihika Basu , Prasad Joshi | Mumbai/pune | Posted: October 25, 2014 2:08 am
After Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s Teachers’ Day address and then the Swachh Bharat campaign, educational institutes now have to prepare for yet another “top priority” occasion. The University Grants Commission (UGC) has shot off a letter to vice-chancellors of all Central, state, private and deemed universities, asking them to organise events on October 31 to celebrate Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel’s birth anniversary.
As per the October 22 notification, institutes have also been asked to inform the UGC about the type of activities being planned to celebrate what it calls “Rashtriya Ekta Diwas or National Unity Day”.
Modi has, on many occasions, spoken about plans to build the tallest-ever statue of Patel.
“We are all aware of Sardar Patel’s contributions to India’s unity, safety and security. As a mark of honour… you are requested to organise different events on October 31 on the campus,” reads the UGC notification.
Institutes have been asked to administer the ‘Rashtriya Ekta Diwas pledge’ to all students, faculty and staff members, and organise a ‘run for unity’. The letter also says that institutes can organise debate competitions, NCC march past and photo exhibitions, and screen documentary films on Patel.
“I am certain you could consider organising many other such activities which could spread the message of unity, safety and security. While you may prepare a list of activities which would be context specific with respect to your institution, you have to make it a point that you will accord top priority to administering the pledge and organising a run for unity,” said the letter, signed by UGC chairman Ved Prakash.
The UGC has also circulated English and Hindi versions of the pledge along with the letter.
B V Bhosale, a sociology professor at Mumbai University, said, “When it comes to administering certain programmes, ultimately it rests with the political party that comes to power. It could be the Hindutva ideology that they may try to propagate through various institutional frameworks to gain legitimacy for their respective ideologies, and an educational institution is one such framework. As academicians we have no objections to such programmes.”
However, the initiative may only get a lukewarm response since Diwali vacations are on in several institutes.
The principal of a college in Pune, who did not wish to be named, said, “Celebrations would revolve around staffers alone as students are on vacations. We cannot ask them to join back between their holidays. At most, a few students, including those staying in hostels, might be requested to come.”
Sanjaykumar Dalvi, director of the Board of Students’ Welfare at Savitribai Phule Pune University, said the schedule for the day would be finalised by October 27.
Both the Congress and the BJP have tried to lay claim to Patel’s legacy in the past. The 182-meter statue proposed by Modi is to be built at the Sadhu-Bet Island in Gujarat’s Narmada district. According to details given on the project website, about Rs 2,063 crore would be spent on the project, which would be completed in four years. The project had come under fire over the amount being spent continued…

A bizarre moment in ParliamentUpdated: October 25, 2014 09:06 IST
A ‘bizarre moment’ in Parliament
T. Ramakrishnan
Tweet
The Hindu Archives
S.S. Rajendran's absence made a huge difference as the Bill fell through by just one vote. This caused the Central government of Indira Gandhi a huge embarrassment.
SLIDESHOW
Tamil cinema
His failure to reach the Rajya Sabha in time led to the collapse of a Bill to abolish privy purses in September 1970
It must have been a bizarre moment for S.S. Rajendran when he did not take part in the voting on the 24 Constitution Amendment Bill to abolish privy purses in September 1970.
Quoting him, a report published in The Hindu on September 6 that year said he had been unwell since the morning with a stomach upset. Yet, he rushed to the Rajya Sabha in the afternoon after he was informed that his presence was essential. But, by the time he reached the lobbies of the Rajya Sabha, he found the door leading to the chamber closed. He was “late by a few seconds.”
His absence made a huge difference as the Bill fell through by just one vote. This caused the Central government of Indira Gandhi a huge embarrassment. The succeeding months were eventful. When the government issued an executive order to withdraw the recognition of former rulers and abolish their privy purses, the Supreme Court struck it down. Eventually, the nation had to face snap polls. A year later, Parliament adopted the 26 Constitution Amendment Bill to abolish privy purses.

Gauging patience of 401k participantsgauging patience of 401k participants
Why is Brussels demanding back-payment© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0f8df0c2-5b64-11e4-b68a-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Massive air bag recall affects more than 4.5 million vehiclesMassive air bag recall affects more than 4.5 million vehicles
Massive air bag recall affects more than 4.5 million vehicles
Air bags are designed to keep you safe in a crash. But potentially defective air bags made by Takata have prompted a massive recall affecting more than 4.5 million vehicles since June.
Air bags are designed to keep you safe in a crash. But potentially defective air bags made by Takata have prompted a massive recall affecting more than 4.5 million vehicles since June.

A Periyar follower  first Tamil actor to turn to politicsS S Rajendran was born in 1928
Written by Arun Janardhanan | Chennai | Posted: October 25, 2014 2:34 am | Updated: October 25, 2014 9:57 am
Way back in 1964, on Independence Day, Tamil film star S S Rajendran, the first Tamil hero who tried his luck in politics and contested an election, raised eyebrows when he hoisted a black flag at his residence at Eldom’s Road in Chennai. Within a few minutes, police rushed to his residence to take him into custody. SSR, as he was familiarly known, did not oblige. By the time police could start to search his three-storey bungalow, SSR was seen on the terrace with a microphone in his left hand and a revolver in the other. Raising his revolver, he declared over the microphone that his residence is his personal property and that he has every right not to celebrate Independence of the country. He asked the police to vacate his compound or face consequences. Police, under the direction of then chief minister M Bhaktavatsalam, withdrew amidst raised slogans from Dravida Kazhagam cadres. Superstar SSR who became a hero in real life passed away Friday morning. He was 85. He is survived by two wives and eight children.
Sometime in August 2013, an ailing SSR recalled this story from an era when the DK party was the nerve point of Tamil Nadu politics. “After Independence, I was active in politics. Despite getting freedom in 1947, we believed the actual independence is yet to come and the state continues to suppress people’s movements. Those days, as a political decision, party workers would pin black badges and boycott any celebrations on Independence Day,” he said.
A strong follower of Periyar and rationalist ideology, he joined DMK and contested from Theni in 1962. Despite his failure in the first election, he played a major role in building the party in southern districts and acted in several propaganda movies of Dravidian ideology. Later, he joined AIADMK and won the election from Andipatti constituency in the 1981 assembly election. However, towards the end of his life, he was a strong critic of M Karunanidhi and DMK’s family politics. He has acted in over 50 Tamil films including Parasakti, Poompuhar and Manimagudam.

School where 3-year-old girl was assaulted found illegalPrint
By: Express News Service | Bangalore | Posted: October 25, 2014 2:30 am
A secretary of Sri Gowtham Academy of General and Technical Education Society, which runs the Orchids International School where a three-year-old nursery student was allegedly sexually assaulted, was arrested by the Bangalore police Friday for cheating the state, students and their parents by running the school without government recognition.
The fact that the school was being run without clearance was discovered only after the sexual assault complaint, police claimed.
A case of cheating was filed by the Deputy Director of Public Instructions, Department of Education, H B Manjunath, against the society, its president K Durga and three other office bearers. Based on the complaint, police registered a case of cheating under the Right of Children to Free and Compulsory Education Act, 2009. K R K Reddy, secretary of the society, has been arrested, joint commissioner of police (crime) Hemanth Nimbalkar said.

China border: Centre announces 54 outposts  Rs 175-cr infra packageRajnath Singh during Raising Day parade of the ITBP in Greater Noida Friday.
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 25, 2014 2:26 am
Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh said on Friday that India wants peace with China but that cannot come at the cost of honour. Following this, the minister also announced setting up of 54 new border outposts and a Rs 175 crore package for beefing up the infrastructure along the border in Arunachal Pradesh.
The announcement was made by Singh even as he made it clear that India wanted to solve the border dispute with China through dialogue, asserting “peace with honour” was most important requirement for building good friendly relations.
“Today when I talk about the border, be it with Pakistan or China, I feel pained and anguished over reports of ceasefire violations by Pakistan or incursions by Chinese troops,” he said at the 53rd raising day function of the Indo-Tibetan Border Police (ITBP) here, which guards the 3,488-km-long border from Ladakh to Arunachal Pradesh.
“Humlog shanti chahte hai samman ki saath. Asamman ke saath shanti nahi ho sakti (We want peace with honour. Peace cannot come at the cost of honour,” he said, referring to the recent border row with China. China has been objecting to any development of infrastructure along the LAC and setting up of border outposts leading to instances of stand-offs with India.
Singh also referred to Prime Minister Narendra Modi making it clear that India wants to maintain peaceful relations with all its neighbouring countries. “Our Prime Minister has told the Chinese President that if there is a dispute we should talk,” he said.
“India wants to keep friendly relations with our neighbours whether it is China or Pakistan. We believe in the philosophy of ‘Vasudaiva Kutumbakam’ which means the world is one family and India has told the world about it,” he added. Singh also said the government was looking into the demand for a dedicated air support for ITBP personnel.
Referring to Pakistan, the Home Minister said the neighbouring country should stop firing on border posts and civilian areas and noted that Pakistan had fired upon the civilian areas along the border in J&K just a day before Diwali. He said Pakistan should know that Indian forces possess the “capability to give a befitting reply” for these misadventures.
He also disapproved of Pakistan’s recent move of approaching the UN over the Kashmir issue and seeking intervention, saying all issues can be resolved through talks.

Lebanon army clashes with gunmen  kills two in Tripoli: SourcesLebanon's army clashed with Sunni Islamist gunmen in the northern city of Tripoli on Friday, killing at least two.
By: Reuters | Beirut | Posted: October 25, 2014 2:20 am
Lebanon’s army clashed with Sunni Islamist gunmen in the northern city of Tripoli on Friday, killing at least two of the militants, security sources said.
Tripoli has seen some of the worst spillover from Syria’s 3-1/2 year conflict, which has strained sectarian relations in Lebanon and triggered periodic gun battles, bombings and kidnappings across the country.
It was not immediately clear which group the militants represented, or whether they were Lebanese or Syrian, but  Syrian rebels and hardline Lebanese Sunni Islamists have regularly accused the Lebanese army of working with Shi’ite movement Hezbollah, which has sent fighters to aid Syrian President Bashar al-Assad.
Tensions spiked over the summer when Islamist gunmen from Syria briefly seized the Lebanese border town of Arsal and clashed with the army, killing around 20 soldiers and withdrawing with hostages, many of whom are still being held.
Friday’s fighting occurred just one day after Lebanese soldiers killed three men and arrested several others during a raid on an apartment in the northern town of Asoun.
At least six soldiers – including an officer – were wounded in Friday’s clashes, the security sources said.

Comet flies by  orbiter focus back on MarsPrint
By: Express News Service | Bangalore | Posted: October 25, 2014 2:18 am
Having diverted its attention over the past week towards the Siding Spring comet which passed by Mars on October 19, the Indian Space Research Organisation’s (Isro) Mars Orbiter Spacecraft will once again gaze upon the red planet next week in continuance of its primary objective of studying the planet’s atmosphere.
Since being inserted into Mars’ orbit on September 24, Isro scientists have primarily been involved in testing the instruments on board to prepare and put into action a plan to capitalise on the rare opportunity of seeing a comet pass by Mars at a distance of merely 135,000 km.
The Mars Color Camera, which has been taking pictures of the planet’s surface so far, clicked images of the comet while it made its pass around Mars on October 19. The spacecraft also turned its methane sensor and heat measuring instruments towards the comet in the hope of obtaining valuable data.
“The data collected by the instruments, including the camera and the methane sensor, have been downloaded and will be processed over the next week. We hope to get an understanding of the effect the comet has on Mars,” the mission’s director V Kesava Raju said.
“All five spacecraft currently in orbit were more or less at the same distance from Mars when the comet passed. The Mars Orbiter Spacecraft would have been the closest if we were in the originally intended orbit. But because it was adjusted, we had a view of the comet like all the other spacecraft,” Raju added.
On October 19, after the comet passed, the orbiter’s twitter handle had posted: “Phew! Experience of a lifetime. Watched the #MarsComet # SidingSpring Whizzing past the planet. I’m in my orbit, safe and sound..’’
Now that the comet has passed without damaging the spacecraft, Isro is set to resume with its original purpose — to look for Methane, which could be an indicator of biological life on Mars.
“The process of receiving data from the instruments regarding the methane atmosphere started ahead of the passage of the comet. It will continue now. Scientists will deliver the outputs from the data provided,” Raju said.
Meanwhile, Isro is also in the process of reaching an agreement for a working group with Nasa to study Mars.

Head of Commercial Operations and Contract Delivery£62,500 - £117,800
Further information
The Next Generation Shared Services programme is transforming the way central Government departments deliver back office corporate services to improve quality, reduce costs and drive efficiency. This is a chance to play a key role in delivering positive change and achieving improved value for the tax payer.
We need a highly motivated individual to assume responsibility for the contract management, supplier relationship management and customer relations management for a Shared Service Centre: assuring the quality of services, meeting new business needs and delivering new levels of performance and service offerings. This will involve working closely with providers, customers, central Government and the wider public sector. Key tasks will range from implementing delivery plans, providing overall direction and leadership and managing the provider to driving improvements, managing risks and promoting best practice. 
The role calls for a successful track record in the Shared Services sector (including Finance, P2P, HR and MI) supported by experience of managing multi-customer shared service operations and service optimisation strategies. You’ll have proved you can manage a team to deliver change in a complex public sector organisation and work to challenging deadlines. Well developed relationship building and influencing skills and a high level of political awareness will also be required.
To apply, please click the button below.
Closing date for completed applications is Friday 24 October 2014.
The Cabinet Office
The Cabinet Office sits at the very centre of government and, with the Treasury, provides the ‘head office’ of government. The Cabinet Office has an overarching purpose of Making government work better.
Options

RealPage interest shows tech M&A appetiteRealPage interest shows tech M&A appetite
Ed Hammond in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/84aacfe6-5af2-11e4-8625-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Here s what Sanjay Dutt thinks about India s stock marketsTerms
Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges . Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page . Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein.
Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ . Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI) . International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc .
Yahoo! - News Network

Officials move to calm US anxiety over EbolaUS governors order Ebola quarantine
David Crow in New York and Robin Harding in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c26f24c6-5b88-11e4-a674-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

St. Louis County town rejects body cameras for policeBy Radley Balko October 24 Follow @radleybalko
Months later, we still don’t know what happened between Michael Brown and Ferguson, Mo., police officer Darren Wilson. We have conflicting witness accounts, some of which have been given in a public forum, some of which have been leaked. We’ve had mass protests and national outrage, some of which might have been avoided, or at least better directed, had the Ferguson Police Department mandated the use of body cameras by its officers. (Although both the protests and the national discourse have been about much more than the incident itself.)
And yet in the nearby town of Ballwin, Mo., also in St. Louis County :
For the time being, Ballwin police officers won’t be using on-body video cameras.
The issue unexpectedly came up at the Oct. 13 Board of Aldermen meeting when Alderman Shamed Dogan (Ward 2) urged during the aldermanic comment period that a few cameras be acquired and used. The body cams would be particularly helpful when Ballwin officers are called to help in areas where civil unrest is occurring, he said.
However, Ballwin Police Chief Steve Schicker said at a budget work session last month that he was not recommending the purchase of body cameras in 2015 due to rapidly changing technology, which makes today’s devices obsolete tomorrow. Schicker also cited challenges of integrating in-car cameras with those worn by police officers and security concerns about images maintained by third-party “cloud” data storage firms . . .
Alderman Jim Terbrock (Ward 1) said he’s “not sure the technology is there yet.”
It was noted that the cameras must be turned on manually and it might be unlikely that officers will put top priority on doing that if they unexpectedly find themselves in a perilous situation.
Aldermen Frank Fleming (Ward 3) agreed, stating “there is a lot we haven’t thought through yet.” What happens, he mused, if a complaint is filed against an officer whose camera wasn’t operating or whose recording was inadvertently erased?
These concerns aren’t convincing. Obsoleteness isn’t much of a problem at all. Yes, new tech products are inevitably replaced by newer tech products. That doesn’t mean the old products stop working. Security concerns about cloud storage are more pertinent, but not a problem other departments haven’t adequately addressed.
Alderman Terbrock’s concerns seem to suggest inadequately or ineptly trained police. Cops would be trained in the use of cameras just as they’re trained in every other piece of equipment they use. If Terbrock doesn’t seem to think officers can be trained to turn the cameras on (“turn on your camera”) or avoid “inadvertently” erasing video of critical incidents (“do not hit the erase button”), you can’t help but worry about how those cops are trained when it comes to the use of Tasers, pepper spray and guns.
If Terbrock is indirectly implying that police officers may intentionally erase incriminating video, there are policies to address that, too .
Radley Balko blogs about criminal justice, the drug war and civil liberties for The Washington Post. He is the author of the book "Rise of the Warrior Cop: The Militarization of America's Police Forces."

PRECIOUS-Gold posts weekly loss on dollar rise  strong U.S. dataPRECIOUS-Gold posts weekly loss on dollar rise  strong U.S. data
EU energy deal will hurt Putin  says DaveyEd Davey hails EU energy deal as blow to Vladimir Putin
Christian Oliver in Brussels, Pilita Clark in London and Henry Foy in Warsaw
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/cdbd03f4-5b81-11e4-b68a-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Officials move to calm US Ebola anxietyUS governors order Ebola quarantine
David Crow in New York and Robin Harding in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c26f24c6-5b88-11e4-a674-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The Business Model Canvas Gets Even Better -- Value Proposition Designreddit
Product/Market fit now has its own book . Alexander Osterwalder wrote it. Read it.
The Lean Startup process builds new ventures more efficiently. It has three parts: a business model canvas to frame hypotheses, customer development to get out of the building to test those hypotheses and agile engineering to build minimum viable products.
This week the author of the business model canvas, my friend Alexander Osterwalder, launched his new book, Value Proposition Design, the sequel to his million-copy best-seller, Business Model Generation .
His new book does three things:
Introduces the Value Proposition Canvas
Tells you how to design new ventures with it
Teaches you how to use Customer Development to test it
Value Proposition Design is a "must-have" for anyone creating a new venture. It captures the core issues around understanding and finding customer problems and designing and validating potential solutions.
Product/Market fit
Product/Market Fit
If you're familiar with the Lean Startup, you know that the Business Model Canvas is the tool to frame all the hypotheses of your startup. Of all the 9 boxes of the canvas, the two most important parts of the business model are the relationship between the Value Proposition (what you're building) and the Customer Segment. These two components of the business model are so important we give them their own name, "Product/Market Fit."
The Value Proposition Canvas functions like a plug-in to the Business Model Canvas and zooms into the value proposition and customer segment to describe the interactions between customers and product more explicitly and in more detail. This keeps things simple by giving you the big picture at the business model level and the detailed picture at the "product/market fit" level.
Integration with Customer Development and Lean Startup
Alexander and I met after he published Business Model Generation. We both realized that we had each invented one of the two parts that define the Lean Startup. In his new book he's integrated Customer Development with the Business Model and Value Proposition Canvas and added some new tools to the mix.
Now an integral part of Value Proposition Design, several of his new tools help with testing and validation of hypotheses. These testing tools match the first two of the four steps of Customer Development. The diagram below is one of my favorites of the book and provides a simple overview of how to conduct customer discovery and customer validation in combination with the Business Model and Value Proposition Canvas. You start by extracting and prioritizing your hypotheses, then design your tests with Test Cards and finally, you conduct your tests and capture your learning. To make this all actionable Osterwalder added an Experiment Library to the book that equips you with ideas on how to test your assumptions.
Tracking Customer Development with the Value Proposition Canvas
With Customer Development you're constantly talking to customers and partners and conducting a ton of experiments to validate and invalidate your hypotheses. All these activities, the evidence of what works and what doesn't, and your progress towards finding a successful value proposition and business model need to be tracked. In Value Proposition Design Osterwalder shows how to do this with the Progress Board, a tool that includes a version of my investment readiness level thermometer to track progress.
Online Tools
Doing all the above together with your team is not easy when you "just" use poster-sized Canvases, sticky notes, and PowerPoint. There are simply too many Canvases you will design and trash (after rejecting and pivoting from your early tested ones), too many experiments you will conduct, and too much evidence you will produce. Keeping track of all this requires software support.
So the Value Proposition Design comes with a series of exercises that you can complete online with assessment tools that show you how you are using the Value Proposition Canvas. And last, but not least, you get access to a whole series of checklists, templates, and incredibly awesome posters that you can immediately use in your work.
Lessons Learned
The Value Proposition Canvas describes the details of how the value proposition and customer segments interact
It integrates the Customer Development process in the book
Product/Market fit now has its own book. Buy it
Steve Blank's blog: www.steveblank.com
Follow Steve Blank on Twitter: www.twitter.com/sgblank
More:

Coal stock lowest since Nov  12Coal stock lowest since Nov  12
Huh Mini phone attaches to the phone you already haveHuh Mini phone attaches to the phone you already have
Lebanon army clashes with gunmen  kills two in Tripoli:SourcesLebanon's army clashed with Sunni Islamist gunmen in the northern city of Tripoli on Friday, killing at least two.
By: Reuters | Beirut | Posted: October 25, 2014 2:20 am
Lebanon’s army clashed with Sunni Islamist gunmen in the northern city of Tripoli on Friday, killing at least two of the militants, security sources said.
Tripoli has seen some of the worst spillover from Syria’s 3-1/2 year conflict, which has strained sectarian relations in Lebanon and triggered periodic gun battles, bombings and kidnappings across the country.
It was not immediately clear which group the militants represented, or whether they were Lebanese or Syrian, but  Syrian rebels and hardline Lebanese Sunni Islamists have regularly accused the Lebanese army of working with Shi’ite movement Hezbollah, which has sent fighters to aid Syrian President Bashar al-Assad.
Tensions spiked over the summer when Islamist gunmen from Syria briefly seized the Lebanese border town of Arsal and clashed with the army, killing around 20 soldiers and withdrawing with hostages, many of whom are still being held.
Friday’s fighting occurred just one day after Lebanese soldiers killed three men and arrested several others during a raid on an apartment in the northern town of Asoun.
At least six soldiers – including an officer – were wounded in Friday’s clashes, the security sources said.

Republicans take aim at U.S. Ebola response after fourth case emergesRepublicans take aim at U.S. Ebola response after fourth case emerges
China border: Centre announces 54 outposts  Rs 175-cr infrapackageRajnath Singh during Raising Day parade of the ITBP in Greater Noida Friday.
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 25, 2014 2:26 am
Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh said on Friday that India wants peace with China but that cannot come at the cost of honour. Following this, the minister also announced setting up of 54 new border outposts and a Rs 175 crore package for beefing up the infrastructure along the border in Arunachal Pradesh.
The announcement was made by Singh even as he made it clear that India wanted to solve the border dispute with China through dialogue, asserting “peace with honour” was most important requirement for building good friendly relations.
“Today when I talk about the border, be it with Pakistan or China, I feel pained and anguished over reports of ceasefire violations by Pakistan or incursions by Chinese troops,” he said at the 53rd raising day function of the Indo-Tibetan Border Police (ITBP) here, which guards the 3,488-km-long border from Ladakh to Arunachal Pradesh.
“Humlog shanti chahte hai samman ki saath. Asamman ke saath shanti nahi ho sakti (We want peace with honour. Peace cannot come at the cost of honour,” he said, referring to the recent border row with China. China has been objecting to any development of infrastructure along the LAC and setting up of border outposts leading to instances of stand-offs with India.
Singh also referred to Prime Minister Narendra Modi making it clear that India wants to maintain peaceful relations with all its neighbouring countries. “Our Prime Minister has told the Chinese President that if there is a dispute we should talk,” he said.
“India wants to keep friendly relations with our neighbours whether it is China or Pakistan. We believe in the philosophy of ‘Vasudaiva Kutumbakam’ which means the world is one family and India has told the world about it,” he added. Singh also said the government was looking into the demand for a dedicated air support for ITBP personnel.
Referring to Pakistan, the Home Minister said the neighbouring country should stop firing on border posts and civilian areas and noted that Pakistan had fired upon the civilian areas along the border in J&K just a day before Diwali. He said Pakistan should know that Indian forces possess the “capability to give a befitting reply” for these misadventures.
He also disapproved of Pakistan’s recent move of approaching the UN over the Kashmir issue and seeking intervention, saying all issues can be resolved through talks.

Wall St Week Ahead-Look to energy names for global demand cluesWall St Week Ahead-Look to energy names for global demand clues
Ask Matt: Can Apple keep growingAFP/Getty
Q: Can Apple keep growing as quickly?
A: You’ve heard it before. It will get harder for Apple to keep growing as rapidly. The reason is about mathematics.
Here’s how it works. The only reason to invest in Apple is to get a return that’s greater than the market. Otherwise, investors would just buy the Standard & Poor’s 500. The S&P 500’s average annual return is 10%, so Apple investors would demand at least a 13% annual return, and even that might be too low.
To reach that target, the stock must either get a higher multiple or the company make more money. Apple already trades at 16 times past earnings, roughly in line with the market and pushing its own historical average. Apple pays a 2% dividend yield, so to get to a 13% return, that requires earnings to rise by 11%. The challenge is that 11% for Apple is a huge number, as the company made about $40 billion last year. That means Apple needs to boost profit by $4.4 billion, which is more than what 441 companies in the Standard & Poor’s 500 earned in all of 2013.
Impossible? Certainly not. Profit jumped by $15.8 billion in the year ended Sept. 12, 2012. And the company could also use its cash to buy back shares and reduce the demand on increasing earnings. But the smartphone market is maturing. Eventually, consumers will keep their phones longer than they do now. Apple has failed to diversify from its reliance on the iPhone. And remember profit fell 11% in fiscal 2013 and grew by $2.5 billion in the twelve months ended Sept. 2014.
USA TODAY markets reporter Matt Krantz answers a different reader question every weekday. To submit a question, e-mail Matt at mkrantz@usatoday.com or on Twitter @mattkrantz.

The 10 most livable countries (24/7 Wall St.)Tweet
Based on the most recent release of the Human Development Index by the United Nations Development Programme, 24/7 Wall St. reviewed the most and least livable countries. Data from the Human Development Index is based on three dimensions of human progress — having a long and healthy life, being knowledgeable, and having a good standard of living. According to the index, Norway is the most livable country in the world, while Niger is the least livable.
One factor that influences a country’s development is its income. The U.N. used gross national income in its calculation of the Human Development Index to reflect the standard of living in a country. In the most developed countries, gross income per capita is generally quite high. All of the world’s 10 most livable countries had among the top 30 gross national incomes per person. The top-rated country, Norway, had the world’s sixth highest gross national income per capita of $63,909.
At the other end of the spectrum, the world’s least developed countries typically had very low incomes. Six of these 10 least livable nations were among the bottom 10 countries by gross national income per capita. The Democratic Republic of the Congo, which had the lowest gross national income per capita in the world, at just $444 last year, was the second least developed country worldwide.
Click here to see the 10 least livable countries
Similarly, these countries also generally had extremely high percentage of their populations living on just $1.25 a day or less, adjusted for purchasing power. In the Democratic Republic of the Congo and in Burundi, more than 80% of the population lived on less than $1.25 per day.
Life expectancies, another factor considered in the Human Development Index, were also far better in highly developed nations. Switzerland, Australia, and Singapore were all among the top rated countries with life expectancies greater than 82 years for individuals born in 2013. By this metric, the United States is a relative laggard. The median life expectancy at birth in the U.S. of 78.9 years was ranked just 38th worldwide.
For individuals born in the world’s least developed nations, the average life expectancy was far lower. In all but one of these nations, a person born in 2013 had a life expectancy of less than 60 years. Sierra Leone, the fifth-lowest ranked nation, had the worst life expectancy, at just 45.6 years.
Sadly, among the factors contributing to these low life expectancies are, almost certainly, high mortality rates for infants and young children. Sierra Leone, which had the lowest life expectancy, also had the highest mortality rates for infants and children under five, at 117 deaths and 182 deaths per 1,000 live births.
Education also plays a role in determining development. In all but one of the most developed countries, residents aged 25 and older spent an average of more than 12 years in school. By contrast, in all of the world’s least developed countries, adult residents had less than four years of education on average.
The most and least developed nations also tend to be clustered geographically. Five of the 10 most developed countries are located in Europe. All of the least developed nations, on the other hand, are located in Africa, where political turmoil, health crises, and lack of infrastructure are far more common.
Despite their low scores, however, several of the world’s least developed nations have worked towards improving their economies in recent years, and their Human Development Index scores have improved as well. Mozambique is perhaps the best example. While it is still the 10th lowest rated nation, its score had risen by 2.5% per year between 2000 and 2013, faster than almost all other countries globally. Burundi’s score also rose substantially, by 2.3% per year in that time.
To identify the most and least developed nations, 24/7 Wall St. reviewed the latest Human Development Index figures published by the U.N. The index included three dimensions made up of select metrics. The health dimension incorporated life expectancy at birth. The education dimension was based on the average and expected years of schooling, for adults 25 and older and newly-enrolled children, respectively. The standard of living dimension was determined by gross national income per capita. We also considered other statistics published by the U.N. alongside the index, including inequality measures, mortality measures, poverty rates, and expenditures on health and education as a percent of gross domestic product (GDP). All data are for the most recent period available.
These are the most livable countries.

These 10 stocks are like playing with fireThese 10 stocks are like playing with fire
By: Matt Krantz October 24, 2014 8:00 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
CREDIT:  Quantrell Colbert, NBC
There’s nothing better than some market volatility to show investors which stocks are so hot to handle they’re like playing with fire.
There are 10 stocks in the Standard & Poor’s 500, including energy firm Newfield Exploration (NFX) , video streamer Netflix (NFLX) and solar company First Solar (FSLR) that qualify as being stocks that will have burned you — if you weren’t careful. All 10 of these stocks have swung 25% or more from their low to their high points during the volatile month of October, according to a USA TODAY analysis of data from S&P Capital IQ.
It’s been a crazy month for stocks to be sure. The Standard & Poor’s 500 has swung 5.7% from its low mark during October to its high. But that’s nothing compared with these high-octane stocks. Investors are wise to pay attention to stocks that act wild during market dislocations, so they can be positioned when the market makes a sustained move downward.
Given the volatility in oil prices during the crazy month of October, it’s not surprising to see lots of movement in energy related stocks. And Newfield certainly delivered. The stock’s high print during October was $36.16 notched on Oct. 1 — and it’s been downhill since. Shares hit a low during October on the 15th of the month and shares are down 21% during the month.
Disappointing earnings are also a good way to get a stock in the inferno. Netflix stunned investors back in mid-October when the number of new subscribers was 18% below expectations. The stock got as high as $466.86 on Oct. 8 until hitting the wall and falling to $357.09 on the 17th. Shares of Netflix are down 15% in October so far.
Is all this volatility worth it? New Constructs , a firm that measures if a stock is a bargain compared with the future value of cash flow, isn’t all that positive. All but two of the stocks are rated “dangerous” or “very dangerous.”
S&P 500 STOCKS WITH THE BIGGEST SWINGS FROM THE OCTOBER LOWS TO HIGHS
Company
% ch. from high to low
% ch. Oct.

Where s the fizz SodaStream pops on PepsiCoSodaStream sizzles on PepsiCo deal
By: Gary Strauss October 24, 2014 12:17 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
SodaStream CEO Dan Birnbaum.
SodaStream SODA spurted 15% to $24.45 Friday after  trade industry report Beverage Digest  said the maker of home soda brewing systems would test Pepsi-branded products.
The test is a 10-week effort in Florida markets, will include brands such as Sierra Mist Homemade and Pepsi Homemade with flavors such as cranberry, peach and vanilla.  While SodaStream characterizes the marketing pact is a small-scale, limited test, in corporate filings, the company says its also exploring multiple relationships with other major beverage brands.
SodaStream shares are down over 60% from their 52-week high as growth as slowed. But speculation that the PepsiCo partnership could lead to a broader, long-term deals, such as Coca-Cola’s moves beyond soft drinks lifted the stock  in heavy trading.
Coca-Cola raised its 10% stake in coffee brew system maker Keurig Green Mountain GMRC  to 16% in May. Two months later, Coca-Cola announced a 16.7% stake in energy drink marketer Monster MNST Beverage.
PepsiCo earlier partnered with home dispenser marketer Bevyz in Europe. In a statement, the company said SodaStream is one of several companies it’s discussing potential ideas with, but “discussions with SodaStream are specifically focused on a small-scale, limited time test scheduled for later this year. We don’t have any additional information to share at this time.”
PepsiCo PEP   rose 84 cents (0.9%) to $94.60.
Follow story stocks on Twitter @gstrauss_
 

Hyundai Motor profit falls on firm currency  lower salesHyundai Motor profit falls on firm currency  lower sales
Pentagon Believes North Korea Made Nuclear-Arms AdvancePentagon Believes North Korea Made Nuclear-Arms Advance
Kolkata girl bags Panda awardUpdated: October 25, 2014 09:41 IST
Kolkata girl bags Panda award
Staff Reporter
award and prize
Ashwika Kapur is the first Indian woman to win the wildlife photography prize
Ashwika Kapur of Kolkata on Friday won the prestigious Panda Award, aspart of the annual Wildscreen Film Festival held at Bristol, U.K. She is the first Indian woman to win the coveted wildlife photography award for her film on a Kakapo parrot.
The tale of a parrot
Ms. Kapur’s film “Sirocco — how a dud became a stud” is based on Sirocco, a Kakapo parrot, which is perhaps the only bird to have bagged a government job.
The male bird was appointed as the Official Spokesbird for Conservation in New Zealand and it helps in conservation advocacy on social media.
The film earned 26-year-old Ms. Kapur a nomination for the best Newcomer category, competing against two other nominees. This year, the Windscreen Film Festival received 488 entries from 42 countries.
In an email statement, Ms. Kapur said the film was a solo project and she single-handedly managed the film’s scientific research, scripting, camera work, editing and music direction. She is currently involved in the filming and production of two international television programmes in India.
After finishing her school and college education in Kolkata, Ms. Kapur graduated in Science and Natural History Filmmaking from the University of Otago, New Zealand.
The Kakapo parrot, a nocturnal and flightless species of the parrot, is classified as a critically endangered species since 2012 on the IUCN Red List.
The bird, found in New Zealand, is known to be one of the longest-living birds and its known population is 125. Over 14,000 people from 162 countries voted the Kakapo the world’s favourite species in 2013.
The tiger and the African elephant came second and third, respectively.

A Periyar follower  first Tamil actor to turn topoliticsS S Rajendran was born in 1928
Written by Arun Janardhanan | Chennai | Posted: October 25, 2014 2:34 am | Updated: October 25, 2014 9:57 am
Way back in 1964, on Independence Day, Tamil film star S S Rajendran, the first Tamil hero who tried his luck in politics and contested an election, raised eyebrows when he hoisted a black flag at his residence at Eldom’s Road in Chennai. Within a few minutes, police rushed to his residence to take him into custody. SSR, as he was familiarly known, did not oblige. By the time police could start to search his three-storey bungalow, SSR was seen on the terrace with a microphone in his left hand and a revolver in the other. Raising his revolver, he declared over the microphone that his residence is his personal property and that he has every right not to celebrate Independence of the country. He asked the police to vacate his compound or face consequences. Police, under the direction of then chief minister M Bhaktavatsalam, withdrew amidst raised slogans from Dravida Kazhagam cadres. Superstar SSR who became a hero in real life passed away Friday morning. He was 85. He is survived by two wives and eight children.
Sometime in August 2013, an ailing SSR recalled this story from an era when the DK party was the nerve point of Tamil Nadu politics. “After Independence, I was active in politics. Despite getting freedom in 1947, we believed the actual independence is yet to come and the state continues to suppress people’s movements. Those days, as a political decision, party workers would pin black badges and boycott any celebrations on Independence Day,” he said.
A strong follower of Periyar and rationalist ideology, he joined DMK and contested from Theni in 1962. Despite his failure in the first election, he played a major role in building the party in southern districts and acted in several propaganda movies of Dravidian ideology. Later, he joined AIADMK and won the election from Andipatti constituency in the 1981 assembly election. However, towards the end of his life, he was a strong critic of M Karunanidhi and DMK’s family politics. He has acted in over 50 Tamil films including Parasakti, Poompuhar and Manimagudam.

School where 3-year-old girl was assaulted foundillegalPrint
By: Express News Service | Bangalore | Posted: October 25, 2014 2:30 am
A secretary of Sri Gowtham Academy of General and Technical Education Society, which runs the Orchids International School where a three-year-old nursery student was allegedly sexually assaulted, was arrested by the Bangalore police Friday for cheating the state, students and their parents by running the school without government recognition.
The fact that the school was being run without clearance was discovered only after the sexual assault complaint, police claimed.
A case of cheating was filed by the Deputy Director of Public Instructions, Department of Education, H B Manjunath, against the society, its president K Durga and three other office bearers. Based on the complaint, police registered a case of cheating under the Right of Children to Free and Compulsory Education Act, 2009. K R K Reddy, secretary of the society, has been arrested, joint commissioner of police (crime) Hemanth Nimbalkar said.

PGA of America president sacked for  insensitive  remarksPGA of America president sacked for  insensitive  remarks
The Skin Care Solutions Revealed At Beautyplethora.ComThe Skin Care Solutions Revealed At Beautyplethora.Com
Investors bullish on Samvat 2071Investors bullish on Samvat 2071
Luke MacGregor / Reuters fileluke macgregor / reuters file
Pricey Suds: Guinness to Tap Luxury Beer Marketpricey suds: guinness to tap luxury beer market
LARRY DOWNING / Reuterslarry downing / reuters
Ottawa Gunman Identifiedreddit
The gunman in a fatal shooting that rocked Ottawa on Wendesday has been identified.
Canadian officials told the AP that the shooter, who killed a soldier and wounded two other people near the Canadian Parliament building, is Michael Zehaf-Bibeau.
Zehaf-Bibeau, 32, was from Quebec and had recently converted to Islam, U.S. sources told Reuters. According to the Globe and Mail, he had been designated a "high-risk traveler" by Canadian officials and was barred from traveling outside the country.
After police chased him inside the Parliament building, Zehaf-Bibeau was killed by Sgt. at Arms Kevin Vickers.
Witnesses told the AP that Zehaf-Bibeau was wearing a scarf over his face when he opened fire in front of the Canadian War Memorial, which is across the street from Parliament.
The Canadian Broadcast Company released an image purported to be of the gunman:
BREAKING | This is a photo of Michael Zehaf-Bibeau, gunman in this morning's shootings in Ottawa. #cbcOTT #OTTnews pic.twitter.com/OLSxlYPelj
— CBC Ottawa (@CBCOttawa) October 22, 2014
An Ottawa police spokesman told HuffPost that the police were looking for at least one other suspect. However, in a press conference later on Wednesday, officials declined to say if there were multiple possible shooters.
Wednesday's shooting quickly sparked terrorism fears. Just two days earlier, a Quebec man suspected of ties to radical Islam killed one soldier and wounded another with his car before being killed by police. As Reuters pointed out, Martin Couture-Rouleau, the attacker, was one of 90 people being monitored by Canadian national police over extremist beliefs.
Earlier this month, NBC News reported that the Canadian government was monitoring "hundreds of people" that it suspected could be planning to join ISIS. Anonymous officials told NBC that they were aware of several threats from ISIS supporters, but they said that none were substantial.
CORRECTION: An earlier version of this article stated incorrectly that the suspect behind an attack earlier this week was Saint-Jean-sur-Richelieu. The actual suspect was Martin Couture-Rouleau , according to Reuters.
Related on HuffPost:

Modi announces Rs. 745-crore package for J&Kministers (government)
While Rs. 570 crore would be provided for renovation of houses, Rs. 175 crore would go for renovation of six major hospitals.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Thursday announced a package of Rs. 745 crore for the reconstruction of flood-ravaged houses and hospitals in Jammu and Kashmir.
Mr. Modi’s announcement came after he met political and civil society delegations at the Raj Bhavan here on conditions in the Valley after the September floods.
Earlier, the Prime Minister held a meeting at the airport with the Governor, Chief Minister and senior officials. Chief Minister Omar Abdullah sought liberal financial assistance from the Centre for reconstruction.
Of the Centre’s package, Rs. 570 crore has been allocated for the reconstruction of houses and Rs. 175 crore for restoration of six hospitals.
Mr. Modi told reporters that he was “seriously considering” a demand from people whose houses were damaged that the money for reconstruction be directly sent to their bank accounts.
Among the mainstream political parties, the BJP, the National Conference and the PDP met the Prime Minister. The Congress, however, chose to stay away.
Though Mr. Modi had announced on Twitter that he would spend Diwali with flood-affected people, he did not visit the relief camps or the neighbourhoods devastated by the floods where people continue to live in tents. Several flood-affected people also stood outside the Raj Bhavan hoping to meet Mr. Modi. “I wouldn’t have walked here all the way if he hadn’t said that he would celebrate the day with us,” said Haja Begum whose house caved in during the floods.

Vijay and Cola go viral on Facebook  TwitterUpdated: October 24, 2014 00:43 IST
Vijay and Cola go viral on Facebook, Twitter
Sruthisagar Yamunan
Tamil cinema
The role of a social crusader that actor Vijay has donned in Kaththi raised the hackles of many on the Internet on Thursday. They took to social media to point to the contradiction between his on-screen role and his endorsements of Cola brands in real life.
The online activity largely focused on the storyline of the new movie, in which the actor plays the role of an activist taking on a Cola company owner, who wants to tap groundwater from the hero’s village for its business.
A picture, of Mr. Vijay holding a Cola in hand, and carrying information about his contracts with the company went viral on Facebook and Twitter, with users raising the larger question of whether stars should attack products for which they had endorsed in real life. Some even went to the extent of calling it “double standards.”

Air Bag Recall Faces Scrutiny as Car Owners Wait for Repairsair bag recall faces scrutiny as car owners wait for repairs
Harte Hanks Announces 3rd Quarter 2014 Financial Results Conference CallHarte Hanks Announces 3rd Quarter 2014 Financial Results Conference Call
A third of HSBC list isnt verified yet  136 confirmed begin to payfinesPrint
The highest amount in the list is $ 18 million, allegedly belonging to two top industrialists. Mehta, Patel most common.
Written by Appu Esthose Suresh | New Delhi | Posted: October 25, 2014 2:59 am | Updated: October 25, 2014 8:03 am
Only about a fifth of the individuals or entities named in the so-called HSBC list of alleged foreign account holders have acknowledged their ownership of the accounts. These individuals or entities — 136 in number — have either paid, or are in the process of paying, penalties for concealing incomes.
The HSBC list contains names and holdings of individuals or entities with accounts in the Geneva branch of HSBC’s Swiss subsidiary HSBC Private Bank. The information was stolen from the bank by a former employee on a particular day in 2006. The list was given to India by France in June 2011.
According to documents accessed by The Indian Express, the HSBC list contains names of 628 Indian individuals or entities. The Income-Tax Department has so far found matches between names and addresses in 418 cases. In 282 of these cases, however, either the account number or the balance in the account is not available.
In general, the list contains four sets of information: name, address, account number and balance.
Of the 136 individuals or entities who have acknowledged the accounts, many have pleaded that they were not aware of their existence, but would pay the tax and penalty due, senior I-T officers involved in the investigation said. Many of these 136 accounts show zero balance.
The addresses against 12 of the 418 names in the list belong to Kolkata. However, only six have confirmed that the account belongs to them.
The highest amount in the list is $ 18 million, allegedly belonging to two top industrialists.
The most common surnames on the list are Mehta and Patel.
French authorities had secured the list from software technologist Hervé  Falciani, who has been collaborating with several European countries tracking suspected tax evaders with accounts in Swiss banks. The list contains alleged account data on the date Falciani procured them.
The Indian Express was the first to report in August 2011 that the French had handed over to India the list of HSBC account holders of Indian origin. The government is in the process of sending a list of 50 names from the 136 to Swiss authorities to confirm the authenticity of the information.

Sigappu Rojakkal  yet againUpdated: October 23, 2014 18:32 IST
Sigappu Rojakkal, yet again
A still from Sigappu Rojakkal
TOPICS
arts, culture and entertainment
Ace filmmaker Bharathiraja started his career with 16 Vayathinile, a film that changed the face of Tamil cinema. After Kizhakke Pogum Rail, another hit, he was branded a director who could make only village subjects. Subsequently, the filmmaker made Sigappu Rojakkal, starring Kamal Haasan, which was about a psychopathic woman-hater; something radically different from his subjects thus far. And now, the latest is that the makers are working on part two of this script with modern-day improvisations.
The movie might be directed by Bharathiraja himself or his son Manoj Bharathi of Taj Mahal fame. G.V. Prakash is likely to score the music for this project.

False  Emergency  TV Warning Sent to Some AT&T U-verse Subscribersfalse  emergency  tv warning sent to some at&t u-verse subscribers
AT&T U-verse customers in several states received an erroneous emergency warning on Friday morning.at&t u-verse customers in several states received an erroneous emergency warning on friday morning.
Would You Live Life Differently If You Knew You Were Going to DieThe other day, I started watching Breaking Bad. I realize I'm one of the last people on earth to see the ratings giant but I found one character fascinating.
Walter White.
Walt has an ordinary life. He works in a job below his pay scale and ability, has a social life that stinks, and spends most weekends at work or in the shopping mall. It's a safe, steady life but one full of monotony and boredom.
When Walt finds out he's dying, he jumps into action to change the course of his life and focus on what really needs to be done. Sure, he makes a bad decision there, but the point is that he re-evaluates his life and figures out what his priorities are once he gets the bad news.
Walt's predicament got me thinking about death and the way we live our lives. Death comes to us all sooner or later but why do we always wait for bad news before we launch into action?
Mark Manson touches upon the power of knowing your time is up in '7 Strange Questions That Help You Find Your Life Purpose' . He believes death is a great motivator for thinking about what's important. And it's not hard to agree.
Because most of us live a life just like Walt's.
We work our butts off and we hang out at the mall. We watch too much TV and we skip exercise in favor of the bag of chips or bowl of ice cream. We know we could do better but the day-to-day has a habit of getting in the way. We'll change our routine tomorrow, research a new career next week and look for greater meaning in our lives once the kids have gone to bed.
There's no ultimatum. No deadline. No pressure. So we plod through life accepting the status quo even though, silently, we're craving for more.
But what if, like Walt, we had a limited time left on this earth. Would we re-evaluate the things of importance to us? If we knew this was it, that our days were numbered, would we take back the control and fight for more?
Of course we would.
We'd write that book, complete that course, travel around the world and maybe even discover an exciting new lifestyle abroad.
Or we'd add greater meaning to our lives in other, less extreme, ways. Perhaps we'd say "no" not as much, be kinder to ourselves and to others, embrace what we love in life, and focus on the people and things that matter most.
We'd look at our lives -- the lengthy commute to work, the long periods away from home, the corporate crap with its unrelenting hours, the way we define success -- and we'd say "not interested," "no, thank you," and "no more."
We'd strive for more, push harder, look deeper. We wouldn't accept the way things are so we'd adjust the edges, widen the boundaries and search for greater meaning and fulfilment, knowing that our time on this earth was limited.
But our time is limited and it is finite so shouldn't we live life like this all the time?
Oftentimes fear is the culprit. Fear of the unknown. Fear of uncertainty. Fear of change.
We already live in uncertain times -- politically, economically and socially -- so we cling on to any semblance of order and control in our lives. We work hard to provide for our families and find ourselves caught up in the daily 9-5 grind.
In my early 20s, I worked in a job going nowhere. By 28, I'd spent the best part of my early years in a town that didn't inspire me. As I hit my thirties, I led an existence that left me wanting for so much more.
I needed that important kick up the bum and the idea of change was terrifying, paralyzing. So much so that I chose the easy option and the path of less resistance. I stayed put.
Looking back, I needed to face my fears and be strong, confident and brave -- all traits that simply didn't come easily to me.
We all wait to the last minute to act. People just do.
I mean, when was the last time you turned in an essay four weeks early or finished that company report months ahead of schedule? Rather than leave it so late, it has to be better to get on with things before our time is up.
We're not all going to climb Everest or swim the English Channel but what's wrong with making a few small changes along the way? A tweak here, an adjustment there, because small changes can still have a big impact on the quality of our lives.
Rather than work 9-5, what about trying 8-4? Now you might spend only two hours in the traffic where before you spent more than three. You might get home in time to pick up the kids from school and have a better chance of taking them to the park one afternoon. The old adage ''work smarter, not harder" has never been truer. And, in these times, flexible working is key.
So we need to start living life on our terms and identify what's important versus what doesn't actually matter. Consider that our time on this planet is finite and start to live our lives with the kind of haste that normally follows bad news.
What will you do differently? What legacy do you choose to leave?
To learn more about living a less ordinary way of life, visit In Search of a Life Less Ordinary . Become a subscriber here .
Follow Russell Ward on Twitter: http://www.twitter.com/russellvjward
Follow Russell V. J. Ward on Twitter: www.twitter.com/russellvjward
More:

PM Modi s Siachen visit a masterstroke  say analystsPM Modi s Siachen visit a masterstroke  say analysts
Terror attacks in Egypt kill 31 soldiersTerror attacks in Egypt kill 31 soldiers
2 names like those of UPA ministers  but unverified anddeniedPrint
Written by Appu Esthose Suresh | New Delhi | Posted: October 25, 2014 3:45 am
Two names in the HSBC list are similar to those of two former UPA ministers. Both names are in the category of 210 account holders whose identities have not yet been established by the Income-Tax Department.
The Indian Express spoke to the two former ministers and both denied holding any such account.
Last Tuesday, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said revelations in the list could embarrass the Congress. In an interview to Times Now, when he was asked if he was not denying that there could be a minister from the UPA government in the list, Jaitley said: “I am neither confirming nor denying, I am only smiling.”
Meanwhile, former Finance Minister P Chidambaram, responding to a question on the possibility of names of Congress politicians in the list, told NDTV: “If there is a name of a former minister, it will embarrass that person… the party won’t be. He (minister) is not keeping that account for the party; the party did not authorise him to keep that account. These are individual transgressions.”
Chidambaram said he had no knowledge of names in the list. “I did not ask to see nor was I shown the names. So whose name is there, I don’t know,” he said, adding that the government should just release the names instead of showing “promos”.

In Srinagar  PM connects  with those who arent exactly the aam flood victimaadmiNone of the individuals who met the PM at Raj Bhawan could stand in for the missing aam aadmi.
Written by Vandita Mishra | Srinagar | Posted: October 25, 2014 3:41 am
Yesterday afternoon, Prime Minister Narendra Modi came here to reach out to the flood-affected and spent a few hours in Raj Bhawan where he met several delegations, political and non-political, behind closed doors. The day after, the Diwali touchdown raised a question: did a gesture that promised reassurance from a BJP-led Centre at a time when the Valley is struggling to cope with the aftermath of unprecedented floods bypass those most bruised by the devastation?
It’s an old problem in Kashmir, the inability of the Centre to find “the people” to strike a real or meaningful conversation with. This is the site, after all, of messages lost in translation in choreographed meetings with handpicked “representatives” and packages and gestures handed out unseeingly.
Prime Minister Modi’s visit, in the way it played out, may have ended up reinforcing an older opaque pattern.
The onset of winter is the most daunting problem for those whose homes and livelihoods were washed away in the floods or destroyed by the water that remained standing in the city for agonising days after that. To the continuing crisis of sanitation, ration distribution, irregular electricity and collapsed systems of health care, will be added the challenge of reaching bedding and warm clothes, kerosene and gas to people living in makeshift shelters or tentatively putting up in homes of relatives and friends.
But it is safe to say that none of the individuals who met the PM at Raj Bhawan on Thursday — most of whom represent business, professional, and civil society associations and organizations and had received calls from officials of the district administration to present themselves for an audience with the PM just the night before — are among those for whom the approach of winter is now a spectre most urgent and terrifying.
By all accounts, nor could they stand in for the missing aam aadmi as they highlighted sector-specific concerns, the need for setting up new mechanisms and committees and reiterated old identity issues. In fact, after it was all over, several rued the fact that the concerns of the most affected were missing from the interaction with the PM.
“I told the prime minister that there is no Modi effect in Kashmir, inspite of his visits to J&K, in the same way that Vajpayee left an impact, or Morarji Desai”, said Prof Gulwani, head of the Institute of Islamic Studies at Kashmir University. “As a student of state politics, I feel there is a need to revive the ministry of Kashmir affairs in Delhi in the 1990s, we need an institutional mechanism. A shattered economy at a time of a youth bulge is also a cause for worry.”
His own concerns seemed esoteric but Gulwani lamented that those who met the PM at the Raj Bhawan were “the elite”. He asked: continued…

U.S. military starts training its Ebola rapid-response teamU.S. military starts training its Ebola rapid-response team
Financials Up on Strong Housing Data -- Financials RoundupFinancials Up on Strong Housing Data -- Financials Roundup
Best stock week since Jan. 2013Best stock week since Jan. 2013
Irda slaps fine on ICICI LombardIrda slaps fine on ICICI Lombard
Finance ministry clears 20 FDI proposalsFinance ministry clears 20 FDI proposals
Dollar Falls Slightly on Stronger European DataDollar Falls Slightly on Stronger European Data
Ex-Bank of New York Mellon employee pleads guilty to insider tradingEx-Bank of New York Mellon employee pleads guilty to insider trading
India offers to help Pakistan eradicate polioNEW DELHI, October 25, 2014
Updated: October 25, 2014 04:51 IST
India offers to help Pakistan eradicate polio
Special Correspondent
Tweet
PTI
Health and Family Welfare Minister Dr. Harsh Vardhan administers polio vaccine to a child to mark the World Polio Day at Nirman Bhawan in New Delhi on Friday.
TOPICS
Islamabad can draw on our experience: Vardhan
Union Health Minister Harsh Vardhan has offered help in polio eradication to the government of Pakistan.
Dr. Vardhan pointed out that though India was polio-free now, there was always the danger of the virus resurfacing as Pakistan accounts for 85 per cent of the world’s polio cases.
He said it was imperative that the two countries cooperate because of this threat.
“In the past too we have offered Pakistan our cooperation. Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif has issued some reasonable statements about rooting it out and we want to assure him of our support,” he said. Mr. Sharif had announced a ‘National Emergency Action Plan-2014.’
“I have been through the plan and find that the script is perfect. Pakistan has resolved to set up monitoring cells at the grassroots. They are also talking of involving social groups, a strategy which worked wonderfully in India,” the Minister said.
Dr. Vardhan said Pakistan could draw on the Indian experience and learn from the challenges that were overcome to transform India from a country with 60 per cent of the world’s polio cases to a certified polio-free nation.
“This particular model would stand Pakistan in good stead. Unless all stakeholders, most importantly its religious clergy, are involved, it would be impossible to achieve total polio eradication.”
Referring to the threat of the virus entering India from Pakistan and Afghanistan, he said measures had been put in place at border crossings. These include vaccination for those travelling both ways to Pakistan and emergency response plans.
The Ministry will introduce the injectable vaccine in the Immunisation Programme next year — in line with the Global Polio Eradication Initiative’s action plan.

Funeral Held For Canadian Soldier Killed in Parliament Shootingfuneral held for canadian soldier killed in parliament shooting
IAF grounds Sukhoi-30 fleet after Pune crashair and space accident
The fleet of about 200 twin-engine Su-30s would be back in air only when they are cleared by the technical review.
The latest crash involving a Su-30MKI has thrown up disturbing questions about the safety of the combat jet that constitutes about a third of the fighter fleet of the Indian Air Force.
A Defence Ministry release said the Sukhoi fleet had been temporarily grounded, as was the procedure in such cases. “The CoI [Court of Inquiry] is in progress, and certain specific checks are being conducted on the aircraft. As and when the checks are completed and the court is satisfied, the Su-30s will be put back into flying.”
Five Sukhois have crashed over the past five years. But the October 14 crash, caused by the automatic ejection of seats as the aircraft was approaching for landing, baffles investigators. Though the sequence of events and the reasons are under investigation, an IAF statement on October 22 confirmed that the ejection system did fire when it was not required to.
A Defence Ministry release on Wednesday said: “One Su-30 fighter of the Indian Air Force was involved in an accident on October 14, 2014 in which both ejection seats fired whilst the aircraft was coming in to land. The pilots were safe, but the aircraft crashed about 20 km short of the runway. No loss of life or damage to property was reported.”
Seat ejection is done by the pilots during an emergency. Automatic seat ejection happens rarely and, if validated, is a cause for serious concern for the Air Force, which is already grappling with a dwindling squadron strength. The Sukhoi aircraft are the most modern in the force and are expected to remain its mainstay for the next few decades.
The K-36DM ejection seat manufactured by NPP Zvezda of Russia is widely used in all variants of the Sukhoi family and on the Mig-29.
It is learnt that Russian experts will join their Indian counterparts in determining the cause of the crash.

Assam Muslims for speedy  unbiased probe into jihadi activitiesPrint
Written by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati | Posted: October 24, 2014 8:51 pm
With the Assam Police widening its net to apprehend persons having links to jihadi groups including the Jama’atul Mujahideen Bangladesh, a group of leading Muslim citizens of Assam today urged the government to carry out speedy but unbiased investigations into such activities in the state. It also asked the government to mete out stringent punishment to those found guilty.
“The Muslims of Assam do not support any kind of terrorist activity and strongly condemns any kind of terrorist activity carried out in the name of jihad,” a resolution adopted in a meeting of leading Muslim citizens of the state said here today. The group also called upon all right-thinking Muslims and such organizations to intensify public opinion against such anti-national and terrorist activities.
Presided over by veteran journalist Haider Hussain, the meeting also asked the government to take care so that the entire Muslim community was harassed due to suspicion as an outcome of anti-national activities carried out by a handful of persons who have gone astray. “The Muslim community should also remain alert against elements that might drag members of the community into anti-national and criminal activities by taking advantage of their socio-economic backwardness,” the group in an appeal issued here today said.
Interestingly, even as the Assam Police have arrested six Muslim persons from Barpeta district on October 10 for their alleged links with JMB, a section of All India United Democratic Front (AIUDF) leaders have said that those arrested should not be labeled as terrorists until proven guilty in a court of law. They has also alleged that the Congress government in the state had hatched a conspiracy to brand Muslims as jihadis.

Student wounds six  kills self in US school shooting: reportsPrint
Police and sheriff vehicles are parked in the driveway of Marysville Pilchuck High School in Marysville, Wash., Friday, Oct. 24, 2014, the afternoon after a morning shooting in the school's cafeteria. (Source: AP)
By: Press Trust of India | Los Angeles | Posted: October 25, 2014 12:45 am | Updated: October 25, 2014 10:11 am
In yet another tragic shooting in a US school, a student opened fire in a school cafeteria, killing one student and critically injuring four others before taking his own life, police said.
The shooting occurred on Friday in the cafeteria of Marysville-Pilchuck High School, 55km north of Seattle in Washington State.
The shooter was identified as Jaylen Fryberg, who was recently named the school’s homecoming prince. He shot himself and died, the police said. Eyewitness said the shooting began from cafeteria. Before turning the gun onto him, Fryberg killed one girl student. Two other girls and two boys were wounded. The injured were taken to a nearby hospital.
The four injured, including two cousins of the gunman, were shot in the head, the BBC reported.
Hundreds gathered at The Grove Church in Marysville, Wash., in the evening for a vigil to honor victims of a shooting at Marysville-Pilchuck High School on Friday, Oct. 24, 2014. (Source: AP)
Zach Yarbrough, a junior, told the local Seattle Times that he saw the shooter “extend his arm across a round table and fire his gun three to four times.” He watched the shootings but didn’t see what happened afterward because he “was already out of the cafeteria.”
One of the injured students, Jarron Webb, 15, said the shooter was angry about a romantic relationship he was involved in, and that the girl was one of the people shot. He said he believes one of the victims was his friend since kindergarten, the daily reported.
According to CNN, the shooter used the gun of his father. It is a “high capacity” weapon, the channel reported.
The school was locked down after the gunshots in the building, the school district said.
The FBI is sending its personnel to assist local officials in investigation.
This was the second shooting incident in a school in the region this year.

1 dead  3 injured in school shooting near SeattleMARYSVILLE, Washington, October 25, 2014
Updated: October 25, 2014 05:32 IST
2 dead, 3 injured in school shooting near Seattle
AP
Tweet
AP
This image made from a video shows emergency personnel responding after reports of a shooting at Marysville-Pilchuck High School in Marysville, Washington
TOPICS
murder
A student walked into his Seattle-area high school cafeteria on Friday and without shouting or arguing, opened fire, killing one person and shooting several others in the head before turning the gun on himself, officials and witnesses said.
Students said the gunman, who authorities have not identified, was staring at students as he shot them inside the cafeteria at Marysville-Pilchuck High School. As students heard the gunshots, they described a chaotic scene as many ran out of the cafeteria and building to safety while others were told to stay put inside classrooms.
The shooter was a student at the school north of Seattle, but Marysville Police Commander Robb Lamoureux said he could not provide more information on the gunman or his motive. Lamoureux said the gunman died of a self-inflicted wound.
Three of the people who were shot had head wounds and were in critical condition, two at Providence Everett medical center and one at Harborview Medical Center in Seattle. Another victim, a 14-year-old male student, was listed in serious condition at Harborview as well, the hospital said.
Witnesses described the gunman as methodical as he entered the cafeteria.
Student Alan Perez was eating his lunch at a nearby table when he heard the gunshots. “He had a little gun in his hand. I saw the flash from the muzzle,” he told KING-TV.
Another student, Austin Taylor, told the station the shooter “was just staring down every one of his victims as he shot them.”
Senior Jayden Eugenio, 17, was in the library when a fire alarm went off, then someone came over the intercom and said shots had been fired and that students should stay inside.
“I was shaking, you would never believe this would happen in your school,” he said.
Outside the school, students started streaming out of the building, with some trying to jump a fence to get away, witnesses said.
Cedar Parker, a 17-year-old senior, said he was driving away from campus when the shooting happened. He let several students into his car as he heard others yelling for their friends- “Where are you?”
A crowd of parents waited in a parking lot outside a nearby church where they were being reunited with their children. Buses pulled up periodically to drop off students evacuated from the school, with some running to hug their mothers or fathers.
Another shooting occurred June 5 in the metro area at Seattle Pacific University, where a gunman killed one student and wounded two others.

Imam of Indias biggest mosque has a successor: his 19-yr-oldsonShaban with his father Imam Bukhari in New Delhi.
Written by Geeta Gupta | New Delhi | Posted: October 25, 2014 3:51 am
The Imam of India’s biggest mosque, Delhi’s Jama Masjid, has decided who his successor will be: a 19-year-old student who is pursuing his Bachelors in Social Work. Shaban Bukhari is also the younger son of Imam Syed Ahmed Bukhari.
Shaban will be formally anointed as the Naib Imam, or the vice Imam, of Jama Masjid by his father during a ceremony in Delhi on November 22, when he will be just one step away from a position that is a powerful symbol of Muslim interests.
At the moment though, Shaban appears to be an unlikely candidate for the job. Continually prompted by his father to give the right answer, the shy student of Amity University told The Indian Express, “I am far from politics; I am still a student. I don’t like the communal politics that happens today. Any caste or religion-based tension is an attempt at distancing communities — it is bad politics and very bad for the progress of the country. Politics has to be issue based.”
In Islam, the Imam has the limited function of leading the prayers, and the priestly class has almost no other role. But in the 1970s, during and after the Emergency, the position of Imam of Jama Masjid acquired political significance, with various parties trying to enlist his support.
The current Imam has carved out a political space for himself, and has also been in the news for his tussles with the Waqf board which oversees the affairs of all the other mosques except Jama Masjid.
This year, the Imam’s endorsement of the Congress party for the Lok Sabha elections, after Sonia Gandhi met him, had hit the headlines. Earlier, there were attempts by the BJP during Atal Behari Vajpayee’s prime ministership to woo him, as also the Samajwadi Party — that political clout appears to have diminished now because of his shifting loyalties.
Shaban will have “to be trained”, said Syed Ahmed Bukhari, who will retain his title as long as he lives before making way for the 14th generation of “Shahi” Imams – the title Shahi, conferred by Shahjahan the Mughal emperor, holds no relevance today.
“He (Shaban) will take another 10 years till he is trained to be the Shahi Imam of the Jama Masjid. He has already started spending time with me. He will travel around the world with me and learn from me – just the way I learned from my father,” he said.
The announcement, however, has also raised some eyebrows.
Family sources said the 12th Imam, Syed Abdullah Bukhari, while announcing the next in line had also declared that his son Syed Ahmed Bukhari would be succeeded by his eldest son, continuing a tradition that has been in place since the time of Shahjahan, who built the Jama Masjid and conferred the title of “Shahi Imam” on Syed Ghafoor Shah Bukhari in 1656.
“The previous Imam continued…

AIIMS head to DU VC  top law officer to Medanta boss  all meet RSSchiefMohan Bhagwat told them change can come only if govt and society work together.
Written by Shyamlal Yadav | New Delhi | Posted: October 25, 2014 3:57 am
RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat met nearly 60 luminaries from the fields of education, health care, law, culture and bureaucracy over lunch earlier this month, seeking their views on RSS and Hindutva and telling them that society and government need to work together to effect change in the country.
The rare interaction with the RSS sarsanghchalak took place on October 12 at the PHD Chamber of Commerce and Industry in New Delhi. Invitation cards were issued by RSS Delhi prant sanghchalak Kulbhushan Ahuja.
Those present included AIIMS director Dr M C Misra, UGC chairman Ved Prakash, Delhi University vice-chancellor Dinesh Singh, Guru Gobind Singh Indraprastha University vice-chancellor Anil K Tyagi, additional solicitor general Tushar Mehta, cardiac surgeons Dr Naresh Trehan and Dr K K Aggarwal, mountaineer Santosh Yadav, dancer Sonal Mansingh, former AIIMS director P Venugopal, National Council for Teacher Education chairman Santosh Panda, former Uttar Pradesh DGP Prakash Singh and other retired bureaucrats.
Copies of Bhagwat’s Vijay Dashmi speech were distributed at the meeting and people present were asked to give their views. While most listened to what Bhagwat said, around a dozen engaged the RSS chief and gave their own suggestions on what the government needed to do.
Sources privy to the meeting said Bhagwat did not promise anything and said “Sarkar sangh ki nahin hai. Hamare swayamsevak sarkar mein hain. Aapki baat un tak ham pahuncha denge (It is not a RSS government. Our swayamsevaks are in the government. Your suggestions will be conveyed).”
“Koi bhi badlao sirf sarkar se nahin aa sakta. Sarkar aur samaj ke sahyog se hi badlao aa sakta hai (No change can be effected by a government alone. Change is possible only if the government and society cooperate,” he was quoted as having said.
When The Indian Express contacted Dr Aggarwal, he said he suggested health sector reform measures like maximising the use of the health budget, elimination of diseases and reduction in time taken for hospitalisation. “We also discussed how health care can be improved by strengthening our ancient values,” he said.
Dr Trehan said he put forth his ideas of reforms in the health sector to “provide health care to each and every citizen… there was no politics, no religion. It was just an exchange of views”.
Sonal Mansingh said “RSS is one-of-its-kind organisation, totally dedicated to India” and suggested that “cultural inputs should become part of education”.
“Until the HRD Ministry was created, separating culture from education, it was an inclusive, holistic system. Young generations were not deprived of important aspects and dimensions of Indian ethos,” Mansingh said.
Sources said the AIIMS director suggested that the private sector should be encouraged to work in the field of health care to reduce the burden on the public sector. UGC chairman Ved Prakash, the sources said, called for implementation of reports of various commissions continued…

Virginia police identify remains found last week as those of missing collegestudentPrint
By: Reuters | Virginia | Posted: October 25, 2014 3:56 am
A Virginia medical examiner has identified human remains found last week as those of missing University of Virginia student Hannah Graham, police said on Friday.
Searchers discovered the remains on Oct. 18 on abandoned property near Charlottesville, Virginia, site of the university campus. Graham, a sophomore, was last seen on Sept. 13, and a Charlottesville man, Jesse Matthew Jr., has been charged in her disappearance.
The Medical Examiner’s Office in Richmond “has confirmed that these are the remains of Hannah Graham, 18, of Fairfax, Va.,” the Albemarle County Police Department said in a statement.
“Our thoughts and prayers go out to the Graham family and Hannah’s friends during this incredibly difficult time.”
Matthew, 32, was also charged this week with a 2005 sexual assault in Fairfax. Virginia State Police have said forensic evidence also links Matthew to Morgan Harrington, a Virginia Tech student who disappeared after leaving a Charlottesville concert in October 2009. Her body was discovered in 2010.

Siddaramaiah on a strong trajectoryUpdated: October 25, 2014 04:59 IST
Political Diary
Siddaramaiah on a strong trajectory
S. Rajendran
Karnataka Chief Minister Siddaramaiah. Photo: V. Sreenivasa Murthy
TOPICS
Karnataka
If the triumph of the Bharatiya Janata Party in the Legislative Assembly elections in Haryana and Maharashtra is one thing, on the flip-side it is expected to serve as a blessing to Karnataka Chief Minister Siddaramaiah, akin to the aftermath of the general elections early this year.
Mr. Siddaramaiah is expected to emerge even stronger in the days to come, much to the chagrin of a section of the State’s Congressmen. A weak Congress high command will obviously translate into the Congress Chief Minister growing stronger, and it is here that the suggestions of the incumbent State Chief Minister will carry more weight at the higher level in the party. In the present political scenario, the Congress is in power in very few States, notably that of Kerala, Karnataka and Assam.
As such, the suggestions of Mr. Siddaramaiah carry more weight with the party high command than that of other Congress leaders of Karnataka, whether it be in the choice of legislators to be inducted in the Council of Ministers or of giving ticket to contest elections. His opposition to setting up a coordination committee to oversee the understanding between the party and the government was, however, not accepted, leading to the appointment of the AICC general secretary in charge of Karnataka, Digvijaya Singh, as the head of the coordination committee.
It is in this context that the demand of the president of the Karnataka Pradesh Congress Committee, G. Parameshwara, to be appointed as Deputy Chief Minister should be viewed. In all likelihood, the Chief Minister, who, it is stated, is against granting Dr. Parameshwara that position, may succeed.
In a few days, Dr. Parameshwara will be completing four years in office as KPCC president. This is a record for any KPCC president, as some on them were removed even before they completed a year in office. Despite having been the KPCC president during the run-up to the Assembly elections, Dr. Parameshwara, however, could not take charge of the government like S.M. Krishna did. The latter led the party to victory in the 1999 Legislative Assembly elections and thereafter was an obvious choice as Chief Minister. Contrary to expectations, Dr. Parameshwara was one among the defeated candidates in the Assembly elections.
Krishna’s achievement
The S.M. Krishna government has been the last in recent decades that completed its full term of five years. It was followed by the first of the coalition governments in the State, headed by N. Dharam Singh, and was succeeded by the government of H.D. Kumaraswamy. The last single-party rule (BJP) had three Chief Ministers in B.S. Yeddyurappa, D.V. Sadananda Gowda and Jagadish Shettar.
In contrast to the rout across the country, the Congress in Karnataka did fairly well in the Lok Sabha elections, although the BJP secured a majority of the 28 seats in the State. Thereafter, the Congress has won two of the three byelections for Assembly seats, including wresting the Bellary seat. All these factors add up to the strength of the Chief Minister, whose government has completed around 18 months in office.

Google doodle celebrates Mangalyaan successGoogle doodle celebrates 1st month of Mangalyaan's Mars orbit
By ANI | ANI –  Fri 24 Oct, 2014
Print
New Delhi, Oct 24 (ANI): Google has put out a special doodle on its home page for India, that has marked 'Mangalyaan's' one month in Mars orbit.
The doodle has shown the 'Mangalyaan' in outer space with a portion of the red planet in the background, a style of space-related images that were often used to adorn school notebooks in the late 80s and 90s.
Mangalyaan, which had been blasted off into space on November 5 last year, has entered the Mars orbit on September 24. It has been one of the biggest scientific achievements for India, putting ISRO, India's space agency, in the select group of four space agencies that have successfully sent a probe to Mars orbit.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has congratulated the ISRO in its success, pointing out that, a mere 21 out of 51 missions had succeeded so far and that India has created history as their mission had prevailed.
NASA in the US, has been running a Twitter account -- @MarsOrbiter - through which it shared the mission related news with the world, the account has over 1,68,000 followers today.(ANI)
Recommend

PM Modi to visit Myanmar & Australia in NovemberPM Modi to visit Myanmar & Australia in November
Aditya Birla Group announces JV with S African firmAditya Birla Group announces JV with S African firm
Walmart India gets new COOWalmart India gets new COO
Firm stand on food securityFirm stand on food security
CLECO INVESTOR ALERT: Faruqi & Faruqi  LLP Announces the Investigation of the Board of Directors of Cleco..CLECO INVESTOR ALERT: Faruqi & Faruqi  LLP Announces the Investigation of the Board of Directors of Cleco..
Market Outlook - Medium TermCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Pakistan did not even spare Diwali festival: RajnathRajnath says India has never violated ceasefire
By ANI | ANI –  Fri 24 Oct, 2014
Print
Surajpur (Greater Noida), Oct. 24 (ANI): With the Pakistan Assembly passing a resolution against so called Indian 'aggression', Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh on Friday said Indian security forces have never started the firing along the International Border (IB) or the Line of Control (LoC).
Talking to the media on the sidelines of the 53rd Raising Day of the Indo Tibetan Border Police (ITBP) in Greater Noida, Singh said Indian forces only retaliate to unprovoked firing from the other side.
"The Indian security forces never start the firing, but only retaliate to unprovoked firing by Pakistani troops. They (Pakistan) have not even spared the festival of peace like Diwali," Singh said.
"India never violates the ceasefire. India is a peace loving country," he added.
The Home Minister also said that Prime Minister Narendra Modi has categorically mentioned to Chinese President Xi Jinping that the border issue should be settled.
"India wants peace and is willing to resolve the border disputes with China through talks," he added.
Earlier on Thursday, Pakistan's Parliament unanimously passed a resolution against the alleged 'unprovoked and indiscriminate' ceasefire violations by India and asked the government to seek UN intervention to resolve the Kashmir issue.
The resolution, which was moved by Pakistan Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif's Adviser on Foreign Affairs Sartaj Aziz, stated that the National Assembly condemned Indian ceasefire violations at the Line of Control (LoC) and the International Border (IB). (ANI)
Recommend

Chief adviser harps on bigger private roleChief adviser harps on bigger private role
Cognizant solutions for German companyCognizant solutions for German company
Sundar Pichai ElevatedSundar Pichai Elevated
Spectrum auction soonSpectrum auction soon
Birla pact to offer health insuranceBirla pact to offer health insurance
I don t play cricket  what does that meanHigh Court judge stumped by cricket
'I don't play cricket — what does that mean?'
Yahoo Cricket –  Fri 24 Oct, 2014 12:36 PM IST
0
Cricket What?
London, (AFP): All those who contend cricket is the sport of choice for the British 'establishment' were forced into something of a re-think when a case in London's High Court on Thursday led the judge to ask: "What are sixes and fours?"
The Laws of Cricket have long provided a welcome diversion from the law of the land for many members of the legal profession, with Norman Birkett -- one of the outstanding English lawyers and judges of the 20th Century -- also holding the office of president of the Cricket Society.
But for Mrs Justice Beverley Lang, the basic points of what is still England's national summer sport were something of a mystery.
She was hearing a case where East Meon Forge and Cricket Ground Protection Association was challenging East Hampshire District Council's decision to grant planning permission for an extension with a residential first floor over the single-storey former blacksmith's workshop.
Robert Fookes, the lawyer for the association which, like the council is based in the southern English county of Hampshire, told the judge that one of the reasons for objecting to the development was that the forge was close to the ground on which cricket is played and "sixes and fours are frequently hit by batsmen on to forge land, including the roof of the building itself".
However, the bemused Judge Lang said: "I don't play cricket -- what does that mean?"
Fookes then explained that sixes were scored in cricket when the ball crossed the boundary without first hitting the ground, while fours "bounced along the ground" before crossing the boundary line.
Counsel added six runs or four runs were scored automatically, without the batsman having to run between the wickets.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Matches

Ebola vaccine: These 3 companies could save the worldJ&J and GSK step up Ebola vaccine race
Recommend
Link
1 month 17 days ago, Reuters Videos
As the WHO opens its third emergency meeting on Ebola, Johnson and Johnson says it's speeding up work on an experimental vaccine against the disease - putting pressure on its main rivals in the vaccine race, GSK and NewLink Genetics, to do the same. Sara Hemrajani reports.
More on Reuters Videos:
ET NOW - 12 hours ago
LATEST ET NOW VIDEOS
Terms
Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges . Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page . Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein.
Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ . Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI) . International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc .
Yahoo! - News Network

Washington school shooting suspect left unhappy tweetsWashington school shooting suspect left unhappy tweets
China wants full implementation of new UN resolution on SomaliaChina wants full implementation of new UN resolution on Somalia
Sena MPs to attend Modi s high tea  Uddhav not goingE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Wall St. ends lower after shooting at Canadian parliamentWall St. ends lower after shooting at Canadian parliament
PM Narendra Modi commends Omar for joining Swachh Bharat campaignPrint
Prime Minister Narendra Modi being received by Governor N. N. Vohra and Chief Minister Omar Abdullah at Airport in Srinagar on Thursday. (source: PTI)
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: October 24, 2014 12:16 pm | Updated: October 24, 2014 3:35 pm
On Friday Prime Minister Narendra Modi appreciated Jammu and Kashmir Chief Minister Omar Abdullah for taking up the broom and cleaning a street in Srinagar, saying it was a “wonderful effort” which will strengthen the ‘Swachh Bharat’ campaign’.
“Wonderful effort by @abdullah_omar ! His efforts towards Swachh Bharat will inspire people of J&K and will strengthen the Mission,” Modi tweeted.
Wonderful effort by @abdullah_omar ! His efforts towards Swachh Bharat will inspire people of J&K and will strengthen the Mission.
— Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) October 23, 2014
Omar Abdullah Thursday night joined Srinagar Municipal Corporation (SMC) officials in cleaning the flood-hit areas of the city as part of the ‘Swachh Bharat Abhiyan’.
Using brooms, Omar and SMC Commissioner G N Qasba swept the road in Jawahar Nagar, one of the worst-hit areas in the recent flood.
Omar had earlier thanked Bollywood superstar Salman Khan for nominating him to the ‘Swachh Bharat Abhiyan’ launched by Modi earlier this month.
“Thanks for the nomination @BeingSalmanKhan. Watch this space for my contribution and the names of the 9 (persons) I will have to nominate,” Omar wrote on micro-blogging site Twitter.
Thanks for the nomination @BeingSalmanKhan . Watch this space for my contribution & the names of the 9 I will have to nominate. — Omar Abdullah (@abdullah_omar) October 22, 2014

Ashwin and Raina: Take note of this  fellasMore
Bowlers' pause can now be deemed unfair
The ICC has asked match officials to use their discretion to decide if the bowlers' pause before delivery is unfair play.
By Sidharth Monga | ESPNcricinfo –  Fri 24 Oct, 2014 9:12 AM IST
Tweet
0
The next time R Ashwin or Mohammad Hafeez or Suresh Raina pauses in his delivery stride, watch the umpire closely. The ICC has asked match officials to use their discretion to decide if the pause is unfair play under Law 42.2. This is a clarification in the latest, and unpublished, match officials almanac.
It was the same document that allowed Steve Smith's catch of Fawad Alam in an ODI earlier this month. Smith had begun to move from slip towards leg slip even before Alam had had a chance to strike the ball, which under existing playing conditions is considered unfair and significant movement, but is being encouraged by the ICC as the fielders' anticipation.
Bowlers' pause are not covered by specific laws. (Getty Images)
The ICC has chosen to not publish these clarifications because it believes they are not changes to playing conditions per se, just clarifications for better and more relevant interpretations of the law. Both the fielder movement as a response to switch hits and reverse-sweeps and other premeditations, and the bowlers' pause are developments that have crept into the game without being covered by specific laws and playing conditions, the ICC feels. There is greater autonomy to the on-field umpire in these instances now.
"There is no stopwatch being used to measure the length of the pause," an ICC spokesperson told ESPNcricinfo. "This is one issue where the umpires on the day need to judge what is unfair."
"The pause before delivery has not been specifically outlawed but each incident of this nature will be judged on its merits and will be dealt with under Law 42.2. When the umpires feel that a bowler is deliberately using this tactic unfairly to distract a batsman they can rule dead ball."
There can be an endless debate on what significant and unfair movement is, or what constitutes a significant and long pause, which will only be accentuated by its relying on how the umpire on the day sees it. Moreover the fact that the ICC hasn't publicised these has potential to create controversy, as was evident in Alam's case. The ICC thinks otherwise.
"The Law was designed to prevent a fielder intentionally deceiving a batsman," the ICC said. "It was silent on a fieldsman anticipating where the ball is going based on the movement of a batsman. Cricket did what any other sport would do: prevent a player getting an unfair advantage through deception, but encourage the skill of anticipation and reading the play."
"We have a number of video examples from recent years of a slip fieldsman anticipating where a paddle sweep is going and moving in that direction just before the ball has reached the striker. None of these examples was called dead ball by the umpires on the day when interpreting the same Law, so the 'change' you refer to would have been if we had instructed the umpires to call dead ball in those circumstances."
"The instruction included in the umpire's almanac was a clarification, not a change to what was happening in practice."
There are many, however, who have wondered why the umpires hadn't been doing their job, which was to restrict the fielders' movement behind the batsman's back before the ball had reached him. It hadn't become contentious because there have only been examples of the movement resulting in a wicket on the odd occasion, and that too in domestic cricket.
The ICC insisted, though, that these clarifications have been communicated to the teams.
ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Most Popular

Interpreter key witness in Russian woman s molestation case: Advocate Vikram VarmaBy: Press Trust of India | Panaji | Posted: October 24, 2014 1:41 pm
A woman interpreter was witness to the alleged molestation of the 32-year-old Russian national by a doctor at a government hospital, a lawyer for the Russian consulate claimed on Friday.
“The lady interpreter who accompanied the victim to Goa Medical College and Hospital (GMCH) on October 18 for medical examination is a witness to the act,” advocate Vikram Varma said.
The consulate had provided the victim with the interpreter, also a Russian.
The victim was allegedly molested and robbed by an unknown man on Baga beach on the midnight of October 17 when she was with her female friend. After Calangute police sent her to the GMCH for medical examination next day, she was again allegedly molested by a male doctor.
Goa health ministry has already ordered probe into the incident.
A senior GMCH official said that medical examination had to be conducted because there were bruises on her neck.
But according to advocate Varma, the doctor insisted on gynaecological examination though she had not complained of rape.
The victim, who hails from Minsk in Russia, had come to Goa for vacation. She left the state on Thursday.
Varma said a formal police complaint has not yet been filed against the doctor, but the possibility was being examined.

India wants peace with China but not at cost of honour: Rajnath SinghPrint
Singh said Prime Minister Narendra Modi has made it clear that New Delhi wants to maintain peaceful relations with all its neighbouring countries and wanted to resolve border issues peacefully. (Source: PTI)
By: Press Trust of India | Greater Noida | Posted: October 24, 2014 3:13 pm | Updated: October 24, 2014 3:15 pm
Home Minister Rajnath Singh on Friday said that India wants peace with China but that cannot come at the cost of honour.
“Humlog shanti chahte hai samman ki saath. Asamman ke saath shanti nahi ho sakti (We want peace with honour. Peace cannot come at the cost of honour,” he said, referring to the recent border row with China.
“Pride is the ultimate accomplishment of a human being, of mine and yours,” he said, addressing the 53rd raising day function of the Indo-Tibetan Border Police (ITBP) here, which guards the Sino-Indian border.
Singh said Prime Minister Narendra Modi has made it clear that New Delhi wants to maintain peaceful relations with all its neighbouring countries and wanted to resolve border issues peacefully.
“Our Prime Minister has told the Chinese President and requested him that if there is a dispute we should talk,” he said.
The Home Minister said China often raises question over the border and even had raised objections when India wanted to improve border infrastructure within its own territory.
Referring to Pakistan, the Home Minister said the neighbouring country should stop firing on border posts and civilian areas.
He said Pakistan had fired upon the civilian areas along the border in Jammu and Kashmir just a day before Deepawali.
“When we get to know about ceasefire violations done by Pakistan or there is some dispute in the context of India-China border, we feel hurt and we feel angered.
“Pakistan fired on civilians even on the eve of Deepawali festival and they did not even spare our festival. Pakistan should be wary of this. I want to tell Pakistan to stop this continuous violation of ceasefire,” he said.

Sobha Q2 sales bookings drop 12 pc to Rs 559 croreE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Bangalore police book Vibgyor school chairman for suppressing rape incidentPrint
Written by Santosh Kumar R B | Bangalore | Posted: October 24, 2014 12:46 pm
The chairman of a private school chain has been chargesheeted by the Bangalore police for withholding information regarding the rape of a six-year-old child at a city branch of the school in July this year. Two gym instructors who were arrested for the sexual assault on the first standard student at the Vibgyor School have been chargesheeted for rape and under various sections of the Protection of Children from Sexual Offences Act.
The police filed the chargesheet against the chairman of the Vibgyor school and the two staff members at the Varthur branch of the school in a trial court on Tuesday even as a fresh incident of sexual assault on a three-year-old child was reported from the Orchids International School in north Bangalore.
The Joint Commissioner of Police for law and order (east) KV Shararth Chandra said that the police filed a chargesheet before the trial court against gym instructors Lalgiri, (21) and Waseem Pasha (28) for rape and under various sections of the Protection of Children from Sexual Offences Act (POCSO).
Police said that Rusthum Kerilwala the chairman of the Vibgyor chain of schools was charged under section 202 of the Indian Penal Code for intentionally suppressing information regarding the offence. The 750-page includes the statements of more than 70 witnesses.
A skating instructor had been initially arrested for the rape of the five-year-old child following intense public pressure on the police to show results in their investigations. The skating instructor was later released after he was found to be innocent.

Sr JD(U) leader sees Jawaharlal Nehru in Narendra ModiE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Festive season fails to cheer real estateFestive season fails to cheer real estate
One killed  four injured in Washington school shootingOne killed  four injured in Washington school shooting
China and 20 other countries move to establish Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank in Beijing; India and Singapore sign MoUChina and 20 other countries move to establish Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank in Beijing; India and Singapore sign MoU
Asia economic growth to languish as China slowsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Post-Diwali dirty streets on TV move Narendra Modi on TwitterE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Heavy rain likely on Saturday tooUpdated: October 25, 2014 05:13 IST
Heavy rain likely on Saturday too
T. Ramakrishnan
A farmer rests near his field after the rain in Tiruchi on Friday. Photo: A. Muralitharan
TOPICS
weather
Many parts of the State continued to receive heavy rainfall on Friday, even as the northeast monsoon remained active.
Among the areas that received the heavy rain were Meenambakkam and Avinasi (Tirupur district) — 9 cm each; Perundurai, Nungambakkam and Kalpakkam — 8 cm each Poonamallee and Ponneri — 7 cm each.
Educational institutions in Chennai and the neighbouring districts of Kancheepuram and Tiruvallur remained closed .
An official of the Meteorological Department said an upper air cyclonic circulation over Sri Lanka and the adjoining Gulf of Mannar and other areas persisted. Many parts of the State, both in the north and the south, would receive heavy rain on Saturday too.
Chief Minister O. Panneerselvam held a meeting with senior Ministers and officials at the Secretariat. Chief Secretary Mohan Verghese Chunkath and Commissioner of Revenue Administration T.S. Sridhar briefed him on the situation.
Secretaries of various departments, who were appointed monitoring officers for the districts, were asked to visit the rain-hit areas. While some of them have left Chennai for their respective districts, others are on their way, an official said.
The government has asked the Collectors to visit vulnerable areas and keep the official machinery fully prepared. The monitoring officers were also advised to oversee the preparations of the district administration.
People could contact the State Emergency Operations Centre (toll free no. 1070); the control room in districts (1077); Tamil Nadu Generation and Distribution Corporation (1912) and the Chennai Corporation (1913).

Suspect arrested in death of two California deputiesA suspect was arrested Friday afternoon after two sheriff's deputies were killed during a series of shootings.
By: Associated Press | California | Posted: October 25, 2014 6:06 am
A suspect was arrested Friday afternoon after two sheriff’s deputies were killed during a series of shootings that spanned about six hours across two California counties. A third deputy and a bystander were also shot during the spree.
Marcelo Marquez, 34, was taken alive Friday afternoon from a home in Auburn after the initial shooting hours earlier in a Sacramento commercial area, Placer County Sheriff’s spokeswoman Dena Erwin said.
“This guy was on a one-man crime spree today. He has no idea of the damage he did,” she said.
The four shootings sparked a massive manhunt by multiple agencies backed by search dogs, helicopters and armored vehicles. Residents nearby were told to stay indoors and schools were locked down during the search.
A woman who was with the suspect was also taken into custody in Placer County and authorities said she had a handgun in her purse.
Erwin said the officer who died was shot with an AR-15-type assault weapon, and the other officer was shot in the arm and was expected to survive.
Sacramento County Sheriff Scott Jones said at an afternoon news conference that Deputy Danny Oliver, 47, was killed after he approached a suspicious vehicle in a motel parking lot Friday morning and was shot in the forehead at close range. Oliver was a 15-year veteran who leaves behind a wife and two daughters.
Jones did not know a motive. Oliver was the first county deputy killed since 2008.
“He was not able to return fire or do anything,” Jones said. He said Oliver’s partner was able to shoot back as the vehicle fled the scene.
“We live as a family, today we grieve as a family,” Jones said.
The suspect then shot a male driver who refused to hand over his car keys during an attempted carjacking, officials said.
Erwin said two deputies from her department were later shot in Auburn, about 30 miles (48 kilometers) north of Sacramento, as the manhunt continued. She did not immediately release the deputies’ names or other identifying information.
Marquez was taken to a hospital before he could be booked into jail, Erwin said.

Nurse  now Ebola free  receives thanks from Barack ObamaNina Pham got a hug from President Barack Obama in the Oval Office at the White House.
By: Associated Press | Bethesda | Posted: October 25, 2014 5:45 am
A nurse who caught Ebola while caring for a Dallas patient who died of the disease walked out of a Washington-area hospital virus-free Friday and into open arms.
Nina Pham got a hug from President Barack Obama in the Oval Office at the White House. And outside the hospital where she had been since last week, she got hugs from the nation’s infectious disease chief, who oversaw her care.
White House spokesman Josh Earnest called the meeting with Obama “an opportunity for the president to thank her for her service.” But the close contact between the president and the former patient also came as officials in New York tried to calm fears after a doctor was diagnosed with Ebola in that city.
Pham said she felt “fortunate and blessed to be standing here today,” as she left the National Institutes of Health’s Clinical Center in Bethesda, Maryland, where she had been since she arrived Oct. 16 from Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital Dallas.
Pham thanked her health care teams in Dallas and at the NIH and singled out fellow Ebola survivor Dr. Kent Brantly, who recovered after becoming infected in Liberia, for donating plasma containing Ebola-fighting antibodies as part of her care.
“Although I no longer have Ebola, I know it may be a while before I have my strength back,” Pham said at a news conference.
Dr. Anthony Fauci,, director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, told reporters that five consecutive tests showed no virus left in her blood. Five tests is way beyond the norm, he stressed, but his team did extra testing because the NIH is a research hospital. He had walked out to the news conference with his arm around Pham and later gave her a big hug.
“She is cured of Ebola, let’s get that clear,” Fauci said.
Pham stood throughout the approximately 20-minute press conference and was joined by her mother and sister. She read from a prepared statement and took no questions, but she called her experience “very stressful and challenging for me and for my family.”
“I ask for my privacy and for my family’s privacy to be respected as I return to Texas and try to get back to a normal life and reunite with my dog Bentley,” she said, drawing laughter with the mention of her 1-year-old King Charles spaniel. Bentley has been in quarantine since Pham’s diagnosis but has tested negative for the virus.
Pham is one of two nurses in Dallas who became infected with Ebola while treating Thomas Eric Duncan, who traveled to the United States from Liberia and died of the virus Oct. 8. The second nurse, Amber Vinson, is being treated at Emory University Hospital in Atlanta, which on Friday issued a statement saying she “is making good progress” continued…

New York  New Jersey issue stronger Ebola quarantineThe governors of New Jersey and New York say they're issuing a mandatory quarantine for travelers.
By: Associated Press | New York | Posted: October 25, 2014 5:11 am
The governors of New Jersey and New York say they’re issuing a mandatory quarantine for travelers who have had contact with Ebola-infected patients in West Africa.
New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie and New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo said a health care worker who had contact with Ebola patients in Africa already has been quarantined even though she has no symptoms. They say the woman landed at Newark Liberty Airport in New Jersey on Friday.
Any person traveling from the three West African nations who had contact with infected, or possibly infected, people will be automatically quarantined for 21 days. This includes doctors.
It will be coordinated with local health departments.

Car smashes Commandments statue  US man detainedA man admitted driving a car onto Oklahoma's state Capitol grounds overnight and into a disputed granite monument.
Posted: October 25, 2014 4:44 am | Updated: October 25, 2014 4:45 am
Authorities took a man into custody Friday after they say he admitted driving a car onto Oklahoma’s state Capitol grounds overnight and into a disputed granite monument of the Ten Commandments, smashing it to pieces.
The man was detained after he showed up at a federal building in Oklahoma City Friday morning, rambling and making derogatory statements about the president, and admitted destroying the monument, said David Allison, an agent with the US Secret Service in Oklahoma City.
“He claimed he got out of his car, urinated on the monument, and then ran over it and destroyed it,” Allison said. “He said Satan told him to do it, and that he was a Satanist.”
The man was turned over to the Oklahoma Highway Patrol for questioning, Allison said. A spokesman for the patrol didn’t immediately return a phone call seeking information about the man.
The 6-foot (1.8-meter)-tall monument was erected in 2012 with the blessing of Oklahoma’s conservative Legislature. The American Civil Liberties Union of Oklahoma has been suing to have it removed, arguing that it violates the Oklahoma Constitution and could be seen as a state endorsement of a religion.
Gov. Mary Fallin called it an “appalling” act of vandalism and volunteered to help raise private funds to restore it.
The ACLU sued on behalf of a minister and others who allege the monument’s location violates the state constitutional ban on using public property to support “any sect, church, denomination or system of religion.”
A judge ruled last month that the monument does not violate the Oklahoma Constitution, and ACLU attorneys filed an appeal with the state Supreme Court.
Ryan Kiesel, the ACLU of Oklahoma’s executive director, said he and his clients are “outraged” that the monument was vandalized.
The monument’s placement has led others to seek their own on the Capitol grounds, including a group that earlier this year unveiled designs for a 7-foot (2.1-meter)-tall statue of Satan. Other requests have been made from a Hindu leader in Nevada and the satirical Church of the Flying Spaghetti Monster.

For info panel chief  mere seniority wont do this time  Govt invites namesIt is understood that the NDA government is not keen to appoint Vijay Sharma.
Written by Shyamlal Yadav | Posted: October 25, 2014 4:04 am
In a clear departure from convention, the Department of Personnel and Training (DoPT) Friday sought applications for the post of Chief Information Commissioner at the Central Information Commission, which is the nodal agency for RTI queries.
Since the post was created with the enactment of the RTI Act and the appointment of Wajahat Habibullah in October 2005, this is for the first time that the senior-most Information Commissioner is not being appointed to the top job.
The post has been lying vacant since August 23 when Rajiv Mathur retired. And, according to the norm followed so far, the next occupant should have been Vijay Sharma. However, it is understood that the NDA government is not keen to appoint him.
The DoPT circular notified Friday has sought applications till November 24. It added that according to the RTI Act, the “CIC must be persons of eminence in public life with wide knowledge and experience in law, science and technology, social service, management, journalism, mass media or administration and governance”.
The DoPT is already processing the applications it has received for three vacancies for the post of Information Commissioner for which several serving and retired bureaucrats have also applied, as reported by The Indian Express on October 1.

After Myanmar and Australia  Modi will fly to FijiUpdated: October 25, 2014 10:58 IST
After Myanmar and Australia, Modi to visit Fiji
Suhasini Haidar
PTI
Narendra Modi would be the first Indian Prime Minister to visit the Pacific Islands in three decades.
TOPICS
diplomacy
The 10-day tour to be the Prime Minister’s longest visit abroad since assuming office.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi is expected to extend his tour to Myanmar and Australia next month, by adding a short hop to the Fiji Islands as well, making the 10-day visit the longest trip abroad in his tenure so far, double the duration of his visits to Brazil, Japan and the US. According to a source working on the PM’s visit, he plans to fly from Canberra to the Fijian capital of Suva for a day-long bilateral trip on November 19th.
Mr. Modi would be the first Indian PM to visit the pacific islands in three decades, since PM Indira Gandhi travelled there in 1981. He has been in contact with the Fijian PM Voreqe Bainimarama since he called to congratulate PM Mr. Modi in May. In a tweet at the time, the PM had promised to “make India-Fiji relations stronger in the coming years." Announcing the visit, the Fiji Sun newspaper said the visit would “reinforce closer ties between Fiji and India, the Asian superpower.”
The visit will be part of PM Mr. Modi’s outreach to countries with substantial Indian-origin populations. Indians were first settled in the far-off islands by the British as indentured labour, but over the years many “free settlers” followed, and set up businesses there. According to the last census in 2007, Indian-Fijians made up about 37% of the population numbering more than three lakh. Despite that being the largest proportion of Indian diaspora living anywhere, it is lower than earlier years due to a large number emigrating to other countries because of harassment from native Fijians. Fiji elected an Indian-origin Prime Minister, Mahendra Chaudhury, in 1999, although he was deposed in a coup a year later.
Mr. Modi will travel to Fiji after a four-day visit to Australia where he will attend the G-20 and is likely to attend a number of Non-Resident Indian (NRI) gatherings including a mega event at the Sydney Olympic park for about 20,000 Indian-Australians. As The Hindu had reported earlier this week, invitees to a gala event dinner thrown by the Australian government for him at the Melbourne Cricket Grounds will also include many prominent Indian-Australians . PM Modi will return from Suva on November 20th,less than a week ahead of his next visit to Nepal for the SAARC summit on November 25th.

Tribune Content Agency bullish on Terry SavageTribune Content Agency bullish on Terry Savage
posted on
Tweet
Terry Savage
Terry Savage, the nationally known expert on personal finance, the stock market and the economy, is the latest veteran of the Sun-Times to be welcomed inside Tribune Tower.
The former Sun-Times columnist and author this week was added to the roster of contributors to the Tribune Content Agency, the syndication and licensing unit of Tribune Publishing.
“We couldn’t be happier to have Terry join our family,” John Barron, editor and general manager at Tribune Content Agency, said in a statement. “Her breadth of knowledge, her ability to simplify complicated topics, and her compelling writing style will attract and engage a wide variety of readers.”
Savage, 69, joins a lineup of prominent money mavens, including Chicago Tribune personal finance columnist Gail MarksJarvis, whose column is part of Tribune News Service. Other Tribune Content Agency offerings include CBS News senior business analyst Jill Schlesinger’s “Jill on Money” column, “Kiplinger’s Money Power” features, and “The Savings Game” column, written by Elliot Raphaelson and Anya Kamenetz.
She also will appear at noon Wednesdays on Bob Sirott and Marianne Murciano’s “Business Lunch” on Tribune Media news/talk WGN AM 720.
A staple of the Sun-Times for 25 years, Savage’s personal finance column was dropped in 2013 after losing the sponsorship of Fifth Third Bank. At the time, Sun-Times editor Jim Kirk told Crain’s Chicago Business her column no longer fit with the paper’s emphasis on “covering local business leaders,” adding: “It was a strategic decision based on our desire to be more local.” She continued to write for Huffington Post and her eponymous website.
It’s a winning week for Savage: On Friday she receives the 2014 Sarah Brown Boyden Lifetime Achievement Award from the Chicago Journalists Association at its 75th anniversary dinner. Savage began as a stockbroker and became a trader at the Chicago Board Options Exchange and Chicago Mercantile Exchange before turning full-time to print and broadcast journalism.
PREVIOUS POST

Veteran Tamil actor S.S. Rajendran deaddeath
Tamil cinema’s veteran actor Sedapatti Suryanarayana Thevar Rajendran, popularly known as SSR, who had worked with the former Chief Minister, M.G. Ramachandran, thespian Sivaji Ganesan, DMK leader M. Karunanidhi and AIADMK general secretary Jayalalithaa, died here on Friday.
He was 86 and is survived by two wives, including actress C.R. Vijayakumari, and eight children. Born at Sedapatti in Madurai district in January 1928, SSR, like all his contemporaries, cut his teeth in acting on the stage as part of Boys Company and later in the theatre group run by T.K.S. Brothers. He was also a good singer; a few could match his Tamil pronunciation. He, however, kept to the minimum the theatrical elements that dominated the histrionics milieu of his time. From the early 1950s to 2008, he had acted in over 75 films.
In his recent autobiography, Naan Vantha Paathai (The Path I Trod), he had said he could get into the famous TKS troupe after singing a song set to raga Karaharapriya to the satisfaction of T.K. Bhagavathi, the younger brother of T.K. Shanmugam.
In fact, SSR entered the film world as a playback singer, in the music of G. Ramanathan, because he was considered too young for villain by Modern Theatres Sundaram.
After penning his autobiography, SSR kept the manuscripts with him. “IAS officer Rajendran and artist Trotsky Marudhu persuaded him to publish it,” said poet Vennila, whose publishing house Agani has brought out the book recently.
Closely associated with the Dravidian movement, SSR was an admirer of the DMK founder C.N. Annadurai. He was the first actor to be elected to the Assembly in the country, from Theni in 1962 on DMK ticket. He also represented the DMK in the Rajya Sabha during 1970-76 and was re-elected to the Assembly as an AIADMK candidate from Andipatti in 1980.
Though he was a close friend of Mr. Karunanidhi, he fell out with him. In his autobiography, SSR has vividly recalled his war of words with the DMK president at an executive meeting of the party. After his expulsion from the DMK, he joined the AIADMK. Again, he entered the electoral fray from Periyakulam in the 1989 Assembly elections as a candidate of the AIADMK faction led by Ms. Jayalalithaa. But he could not win.
Parasakthi, starring Sivaji Ganesan, gave him the much-needed break, though he had earlier acted in a few films such as Paithiyakaran and Aandal. In Parasakthi, he campaigned for the laudable objective of its scrip-writer Mr Karunanidhi to rehabilitate beggars.
With a fine diction and facial expression, SSR excelled as a hero, and in many secondary roles. His role as ‘Muthazhgu’ in Sivagangai Seemai testified to his acting talent. He acted with Sivaji Ganesan in Patchai Vilakku, Manohara and Alayamani.
In Poompuhar, for which the dialogues were penned by Mr. Karunanidhi, he played the role of Kovalan, the hero of the epic Silapathikaram.
In Manimagudam, SSR worked with Mr. Karunanidhi, who penned the dialogues, and Ms. Jayalalithaa. He paired with MGR in Kanchi Thalaivan and Raja Thesinku.

For info panel chief  mere seniority wont do this time  Govt invitesnamesIt is understood that the NDA government is not keen to appoint Vijay Sharma.
Written by Shyamlal Yadav | Posted: October 25, 2014 4:04 am
In a clear departure from convention, the Department of Personnel and Training (DoPT) Friday sought applications for the post of Chief Information Commissioner at the Central Information Commission, which is the nodal agency for RTI queries.
Since the post was created with the enactment of the RTI Act and the appointment of Wajahat Habibullah in October 2005, this is for the first time that the senior-most Information Commissioner is not being appointed to the top job.
The post has been lying vacant since August 23 when Rajiv Mathur retired. And, according to the norm followed so far, the next occupant should have been Vijay Sharma. However, it is understood that the NDA government is not keen to appoint him.
The DoPT circular notified Friday has sought applications till November 24. It added that according to the RTI Act, the “CIC must be persons of eminence in public life with wide knowledge and experience in law, science and technology, social service, management, journalism, mass media or administration and governance”.
The DoPT is already processing the applications it has received for three vacancies for the post of Information Commissioner for which several serving and retired bureaucrats have also applied, as reported by The Indian Express on October 1.

Asia aid bank opens accountAsia aid bank opens account
Dave Thomas is new MD of Adidas IndiaDave Thomas is new MD of Adidas India
Aditya Birla Group forms JV with S. African firmAditya Birla Group forms JV with S. African firm
Centre approves 20 FDI proposals amounting to over 988 crore rupeesCentre approves 20 FDI proposals amounting to over 988 crore rupees
Can AAP sell a new  improved Arvind Kejriwalcan aap sell a new  improved arvind kejriwal
CVS To Charge Some Customers More For Using Pharmacies That Sell Cigarettesreddit
It may soon be cheaper to fill your prescriptions at CVS than at Walgreens.
That's because Caremark, a subsidiary of CVS Health that manages prescriptions for insurance companies and employers, plans to start charging some customers more to fill prescriptions at pharmacies that also sell cigarettes and other tobacco products. The added copay could cost as much as $15.
The company is developing a "tobacco-free network" that will start next year and include CVS and Target as well as other local and regional pharmacies that don't sell tobacco, CVS spokesperson Carolyn Castel told The Huffington Post.
Large employers that use Caremark as a pharmacy benefit manager will decide whether or not to opt in to the network. If they opt in, their employees will be charged extra to fill prescriptions at pharmacies that still sell tobacco. The company would provide customers with a list of tobacco-free pharmacies and copays would vary, Castel noted.
The city of Philadelphia will be the the first large employer to opt in to the network. As of January, city employees will be charged more for filling prescriptions at pharmacies that sell tobacco, Castel told HuffPost.
The news comes a little over a month after CVS rebranded itself as CVS Health -- and announced it would no longer sell tobacco products. The change will cost the company about $2 billion in revenue, it said.
Caremark's decision could help grow CVS's business, as customers seek lower prices, and pressure rivals Walgreens and Rite Aid to also ban tobacco products. Castel wouldn't comment on how many customers would be impacted by the new policy or how much more revenue CVS expects to bring in as a result of the added copays.
Caremark is one of the largest pharmacy benefit managers in the country with 54,000 pharmacies in its network and 63 million members as of 2013.
According to new research published by the JAMA Network Monday, some customers who suffer from illnesses associated with smoking tobacco like asthma or high blood pressure sometimes purchase cigarettes at the same pharmacies where they pick up their medication. The study, which was financed by an unrestricted grant from CVS to Brigham and Women’s Hospital, found that six percent of Caremark customers taking medication for asthma or chronic obstructive pulmonary disease made at least one cigarette purchase at the same time.
More:

How Not To Manage An Introvertreddit
Do you supervise individuals that would describe themselves as an introvert? If the answer is "yes," you may want to take a moment to examine how you manage them. In many cases, we hold misconceptions about introversion, which can lead to ill-fated supervisory decisions. I'd like to point you in the right direction.
While many people confuse being introverted with shyness, introversion is in fact about how an individual handles stimulation. (Introverts will likely feel over-stimulated sooner than an extrovert.) Those on the introverted end of the introversion-extroversion continuum require a slightly different set of workplace conditions to excel -- and it is not difficult to become more sensitive to their needs. Small changes in management and workplace elements can transact into an environment that is more conducive to success.
A few things to re-think:
Putting them on the spot. It would be misguided to expect an opinion from an introvert at the "drop of the hat". One hallmark of introversion is the need to sit with one's thoughts and process information. If you offer an introvert a period of time to process, you'll likely take full advantage of their vantage point and skill set.
Publicly recognizing them. Stop yourself. Really. Many introverts would rather jump off a cliff than have attention shifted in their direction without notice. If they are about to to receive an award or accolade, let them know what you are planning ahead of time. They'll appreciate the gesture and have time to prepare.
That they dislike teams. Introverts are not against teaming or social interaction -- they would just prefer to manage this and contribute on their own terms. This means time to ruminate over issues on the table and providing bit of a lull before they will jump into the conversation. Teaming can become a challenge, in direct opposition to how they would normally approach their work . So be sure to offer opportunities for introverts to start the idea generation process before team meetings and limit over-stimulation.
Open offices. Never underestimate the power of a quiet space. (You don't have to be an introvert to appreciate a calm environment in which to process information.) Incorporating spaces within your office design that allow for quiet and privacy is always a wise move. ( Read more about that here. ) Someone leaning toward the introverted side of the continuum will be forever grateful.
That they have nothing to say. Wrong. By nature introverts can be less likely to share their thoughts, which makes it even more important to open the lines of communication regularly. Send them an e-mail, asking how their projects are progressing. Set up a weekly "touch base" meeting. They can reflect on their work and respond fully on their own terms.
That introverts cannot lead. Truth be told, you'll be overlooking a lot of potential. Recent research has shown that introverts may be more open to differences in opinion than their extroverted colleagues. As a result, they are more likely to make informed decisions. In fact, it has been shown their hesitancy to monopolize the conversation, can make them powerful team members. Sounds like leadership material to me.
Are you an introvert? What workplace conditions help you to excel?
Dr. Marla Gottschalk is an Industrial/Organizational Psychologist, consultant and speaker. She is the Director of Thought Leadership at Kilberry Leadership Advisors , Toronto. She also writes The Office Blend .
Follow Marla Gottschalk, Ph.D. on Twitter: www.twitter.com/MRGottschalk
More:

Obama s Inversion Crackdown Not Enough To Keep Chiquita In Americareddit
It was the best of times, it was the worst of times for companies to dodge taxes by moving to Ireland.
So far, results have been mixed for new Treasury Department rules designed to thwart deals known as "tax inversions," in which a U.S. company buys a company in Ireland or some other low-tax locale and moves its headquarters there to cut its tax bill.
Banana giant Chiquita on Tuesday stuck by a plan to merge with Irish rival Fyffes and relocate from Charlotte, North Carolina, to Ireland in one such deal. This came less than a week after Chicago-based pharmaceutical maker AbbVie abandoned a similar bid to buy Irish firm Shire specifically because of the new Treasury Department rules.
Chiquita's decision to press on with its inversion underscored the limitations of the new Treasury rules and the need for stricter laws that could raise more serious obstacles to inversions.
“We need stronger legislation that is more of a deterrent to do these deals by making it less lucrative to do these kinds of things,” Roger Hickey, the co-director of the nonprofit Campaign for America’s Future, told The Huffington Post on Tuesday. “We’re going to be pressuring Congress to act as soon as possible because we’re convinced that we don’t want to be doing this company by company.”
One way the new Treasury rules were effective was in prohibiting a scheme known as a " hopscotch loan ," a way for multinational companies to tap cash held overseas by foreign subsidiaries without having to pay taxes on it. This strategy was a major reason for companies with a lot of money stashed abroad to go through an inversion deal. AbbVie’s inversion plans -- reportedly driven by the fact that a “ significant portion ” of its $10.2 billion in cash is stowed away overseas -- were dashed after the Treasury announced its new guidelines on Sept. 22.
But “ earnings stripping ,” another strategy used to shrink a company's U.S. tax bill, is still intact under the new rules. This is when a company with headquarters overseas lends a bunch of money to its U.S. subsidiary. Then, every time the U.S. subsidiary turns a profit, it sends that profit to its foreign headquarters as interest payments on the money it owes. Interest payments are partially tax-deductible under the U.S. tax code, so under that strategy, much of the company's U.S. profit is untaxed.
This means that under current law, ChiquitaFyffes -- the proposed new Irish parent company -- will be able to load the U.S.-based Chiquita up with debt, then wipe out most of its U.S. profits by absorbing them as interest payments on loans. Chiquita has only about $1.7 billion in cash overseas , so the end of hopscotch loans shouldn't bother it much. With earnings stripping still legal, Chiquita still has a financial incentive to go ahead with its inversion deal.
"In America, it’ll be making half of the payments it should be making to the American government because it’s making interest payments on the loans from the new foreign parent, which is really to itself," Frank Clemente, the executive director of the nonprofit Americans for Tax Fairness, told HuffPost.
Chiquita spokesman Steve Himes did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
To close this particular loophole, the Obama administration may need Congress’s legislative muscle. But that would mean going against the interests of Wall Street banks, which have raked in about $1 billion in fees on inversion deals in the past three years, according to Rebecca Wilkins, a senior counsel at the nonprofit Citizens for Tax Justice.
Given the cozy relationship between Wall Street power-brokers and the Republican Party, and the need for Democrats to raise money from those same financial giants, a strong legislative crackdown on other inversion incentives seems unlikely.
“In order for any legislation to get through Congress, they’ll have to stand up to multinationals and Wall Street,” Wilkins told HuffPost. “No to be cynical but,” she laughed, “I don’t know about that.”
More:

Cigarette Company Finally Bans Workers From Smoking At Their DesksCigarette Company Finally Bans Workers From Smoking At Their Desks
 | By                                                                MICHAEL FELBERBAUM
Updated:
10/22/2014  6:59 pm EDT
SAN FRANCISCO, CA - JULY 11:  Camel cigarettes, manufactured by Reynolds Amercian, are displayed at a tobacco shop on July 11, 2014 in San Francisco, California. Tobacco giant Reynolds American is reportedly in talks with rival Lorillard Inc. in what is expected to be a multi-billion dollar deal.  (Photo by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images) | Justin Sullivan via Getty Images
reddit
RICHMOND, Va. (AP) — Camel cigarette maker Reynolds American Inc. is snuffing out smoking in its offices and buildings.
The nation's second-biggest tobacco company informed employees Wednesday that beginning next year, the use of traditional cigarettes, cigars or pipes will no longer be permitted at employee desks or offices, conference rooms, hallways and elevators. Lighting up already is prohibited on factory floors and in cafeterias and fitness centers.
The no-smoking policy will go into effect once Reynolds builds indoor smoking areas for those still wanting to light up indoors, spokesman David Howard said.
"We believe it's the right thing to do and the right time to do it because updating our tobacco use policies will better accommodate both non-smokers and smokers who work in and visit our facilities," Howard said. "We're just better aligning our tobacco use policies with the realities of what you're seeing in society today."
While Reynolds will no longer allow smoking, it will allow the use of smokeless tobacco products, including electronic cigarettes, moist snuff and pouches of finely milled tobacco called snus (pronounced "snoose").
The company also will allow the use of Eclipse, a cigarette made by Reynolds that uses a carbon tip that heats tobacco after being lit by a lighter. First released in the mid-1990s, Eclipse is in limited distribution and one of the top-selling brands in the cafeteria at the company's Winston-Salem, North Carolina, headquarters.
The percentage of Reynolds' 5,200 employees that smoke is in line with the smoking rate in the U.S. That is about 18 percent of adults, according to the federal Centers of Disease Control and Prevention.
Through its subsidiaries, Reynolds American also makes Pall Mall cigarettes, Grizzly smokeless tobacco and Vuse-branded electronic cigarettes.
Altria Group Inc., the Richmond, Virginia-based owner of the nation's biggest cigarette maker, Philip Morris USA, doesn't allow smoking on factory floors and in places like elevators or hallways, said spokesman David Sylvia. Employees with separate offices can smoke in them, but otherwise the company has designated smoking areas in office buildings, conference areas and cafeterias, he said.
___
Michael Felberbaum can be reached at http://www.twitter.com/MLFelberbaum.
More:

Forces Fighting ISIS In Kobani Set For Serious BoostIraqi Kurds Approved To Join Fight Against ISIS In Kobani
 | By                                                                BRAM JANSSEN and ZEINA KARAM
Posted:
Updated:
10/22/2014  4:59 pm EDT
A Kurdish Peshmerga fighter man a firing position on the front line in the Gwer district, 40 kilometres south of Arbil, the capital of the Kurdish autonomous region in northern Iraq, on October 5, 2014. In a statement, US Central Command said the US military carried out three air strikes in Syria on Saturday, while fighter jets, bombers and helicopters were used in six assaults against the Islamic State group in Iraq on Sunday. AFP PHOTO/SAFIN HAMED        (Photo credit should read SAFIN HAMED/A | SAFIN HAMED via Getty Images
reddit
IRBIL, Iraq (AP) — Lawmakers in Iraq's largely autonomous Kurdish region Wednesday authorized peshmerga forces to go to neighboring Syria and help fellow Kurds combat Islamic State militants in the key border town of Kobani, providing much-needed boots on the ground.
The unprecedented deployment will almost certainly depend on the support of Turkey, whose president criticized a U.S. airdrop of arms to Kurdish fighters after some of the weapons wound up in the hands of the extremists.
Turkey, which has riled Kurdish leaders and frustrated Washington by refusing to allow fighters or weapons into Kobani, said this week it would help Iraqi Kurdish fighters cross into Syria to help their brethren against the militants, who also are being attacked by a U.S.-led campaign of airstrikes.
But it is not clear how many fighters will be allowed in or whether they will be allowed to carry enough weapons to make an impact.
The Kurds of Syria and Iraq have become a major focal point in the war against the Islamic State group, with Kurdish populations in both countries coming under significant threat by the militants' lightning advance.
Lt. Gen. Frederick Hodges, the outgoing commander of NATO's Land Command in Izmir, Turkey, said the Turks have agreed to open up "a land bridge of sorts" so that the peshmerga can get into Kobani to help with the fighting there.
"It seems to me that between the United States, Turkey and other countries, they are figuring out what is permissible to make sure that ISIL is not successful and that it is something that Turkey can live with," he added, using an acronym for the group.
Anwar Muslim, a Kobani-based senior Kurdish official, praised the parliament's decision, saying "all help is welcome." He said there seemed to be a solidifying international push to help Kobani combat the militants.
"The next days will show the seriousness" of the Turks, he said.
In August, Syrian and Iraqi Kurds took part in cross-border operations to help rescue tens of thousands of displaced people from the Yazidi minority group under threat by the IS militants in Iraq's Sinjar Mountains.
The fight in Kobani has also grabbed the world's attention and raised sympathy for the outgunned Kurds.
The overwhelming vote in the Kurdish parliament to send fighters to Kobani underscored growing cooperation between Kurds in these countries and marked a first mission for the peshmerga outside Iraq.
Hoshyar Zebari, a Kurdish politician and Iraq's long-serving foreign minister, told Al-Arabiya TV the decision was "part of an understanding" reached between Kurdish, Turkish and U.S. officials to provide military aid to Kobani.
"This is a big turning point in Kurdish history," said Youssef Mohammed, the speaker of parliament. "Troops used to be sent to occupy Kurdish lands, but now we are sending soldiers to protect our Kurdish brothers abroad," he said.
There were few details about the fighting force, however, and Kurdish officials said they would be worked out later.
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan said the United States made a mistake in airdropping weapons to Kurdish fighters in Kobani earlier this week because some of the weapons ended up in IS hands.
"It turns out that what was done was wrong," he said, according to Turkey's private Dogan news agency.
The Turkish government is reluctant to aid the Syrian Kurdish forces — the People's Protection Units, or YPG — because it views them as an extension of the Kurdistan Workers' Party, or PKK, which has waged a 30-year insurgency in Turkey and is designated a terrorist group by the U.S. and NATO.
The Pentagon confirmed that IS militants were able to seize one of the 28 bundles of weapons and medical supplies intended for Kurdish fighters. Col. Steve Warren said it appears the wind caused the parachute to go off-course, and that the weapons in the bundle were not enough to give the enemy any type of advantage.
A video uploaded by a media group loyal to the IS group showed the weapons seized included hand grenades, ammunition and rocket-propelled grenade launchers.
The caches were dropped early Monday to Kurds in embattled Kobani. Differences about how to defend Kobani have sparked tensions between Turkey and its NATO partners.
Turkey's decision to give Kurds passage to fight in Syria marked a shift in position, even though Ankara in recent years has built friendly ties with the leadership of the largely autonomous Iraqi Kurdish region.
Peshmerga spokesman Halgurd Hekmat in Irbil said there is still a lot of uncertainty on the details of the deployment, including how many forces will be sent and when.
"We're sending the peshmerga, not to become YPG but to fight alongside the YPG," Hekmat said. "We will send the peshmerga to do their job for as long as they're needed and to come back after that."
Hekmat said Iraqi forces will also provide weapons, but he did not say what kind.
Turkey is under pressure to take greater action against the IS militants — not only from the West but also from Kurds in Syria and Turkey who accuse Ankara of inaction while their people are slaughtered. Earlier this month across Turkey, widespread protests threatened to derail talks to end the PKK insurgency.
Sunni extremists of the Islamic State group, which has rampaged across Iraq and Syria, have been attacking Kobani for a month. The U.S. and its allies are assisting the Kurds with airstrikes targeting IS infrastructure in and around the town.
Meanwhile, Kurdish officials and doctors said they believed Islamic State militants had released some kind of toxic gas in a district in eastern Kobani.
Aysa Abdullah, a senior Kurdish official based in the town, said the attack took place late Tuesday, and that a number of people suffered symptoms that included dizziness and watery eyes. She and other officials said doctors lacked the equipment to determine what kinds of chemicals were used.
The reports could not be independently confirmed. Kurdish officials have made similar allegations before.
Also Wednesday, Syria's information minister said the country's air force destroyed two of three fighter jets seized and reportedly test-flown over Aleppo by the Islamic State group last week.
Omran al-Zoubi told Syrian TV late Tuesday that Syrian aircraft bombed the jets on the runway as they landed at Jarrah air base.
The Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reported that IS militants flew three MiG fighter jets with the help of former Iraqi air force pilots who were now members of the militant group. The report could not be independently confirmed, and U.S. officials said they had no reports of the militants flying jets.
The group is known to have seized warplanes from at least one air base captured from the Syrian army in Raqqa province earlier this year. Militant websites had posted photos of IS fighters with the warplanes, but it was unclear if they were operational.
___
Karam reported from Beirut. Associated Press writers Desmond Butler in Istanbul, Turkey, Albert Aji in Damascus, Syria, Lolita C. Baldor in Washington and Elena Becatoros in Suruc, Turkey, contributed reporting.
Also on HuffPost:

Canadian Soldier Killed In Ottawa Attack Identifiedreddit
The soldier killed in Wednesday's shootings near the Canadian Parliament in Ottawa has been identified as Cpl. Nathan Cirillo , the Globe and Mail reports.
According to CBC News, Cirillo was a 24-year-old reservist from Hamilton serving in  the Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders of Canada regiment.
Cpl. Cirillo was shot a little before 10 a.m. on Wednesday morning, when a masked gunman opened fire at the Ottawa Memorial where Cirillo was one of two reservists standing guard. The gunman then made his way to Parliament Hill, where he was killed by the sergeant-at-arms.
A photo posted by Nathan Cirillo (@ncitaly) on
Aug 8, 2014 at 10:11am PDT
Cpl. Nathan Cirillo
The Toronto Star reports that Cirillo had a young son.
"Nathan was a good man," Cirillo's friend Marie Michele told CBC News . "He would give anything to anyone," she added.
Just on Sunday, Twitter user Megan Underwood snapped a picture of Cirillo in full dress uniform while visiting the memorial with a friend.
On Sunday, we asked a very handsome guard for a picture with my friend visiting from Cali - RIP Nathan Cirillo pic.twitter.com/q80EZ6nwmo
— Megan Underwood (@megunder) October 22, 2014
Ottawa officials confirmed in a press conference on Wednesday afternoon that shots were fired at the National War Memorial and Parliament Hill. Officials also said that one male gunman was killed. An official later identified the man as Michael Zehaf-Bibeau. Officials would not confirm or deny reports of multiple suspects during the press conference.
Also on HuffPost:

Ben Bradlee Rememberedreddit
Journalism lost a legend on Tuesday with the death of the great Ben Bradlee at the age of 93.
The iconic newsman, who oversaw the Washington Post's Pulitzer Prize-winning coverage of the Watergate scandal, which led to the resignation of President Richard M. Nixon, was the driving force behind the paper's reinvention and rise to the top. Bradlee's decision to publish the Pentagon Papers against the plea of top government officials in 1971 resulted in the Supreme Court ruling that allowed newspapers to continue to publish leaked documents. He brought life, power and change to newspaper.
Bradlee had been described as "gruff, charming and tenacious." Former New York Times executive editor Jill Abramson characterized him as "luminescent." Former Post owner Donald E. Graham called him "the best American newspaper editor of his time."
"That paper wasn’t any good before he got there," New Yorker editor and former Post reporter David Remnick wrote after news of his death broke Tuesday. "It wasn’t even the best paper in Washington. It became the second best paper in the country. He gave it its ambition."
President Obama also released a statement on Bradlee, remembering the "true" and "honest" man to whom he once bestowed the Presidential Medal of Freedom.
"For Benjamin Bradlee, journalism was more than a profession –- it was a public good vital to our democracy," Obama said. "A true newspaperman, he transformed the Washington Post into one of the country’s finest newspapers, and with him at the helm, a growing army of reporters published the Pentagon Papers, exposed Watergate, and told stories that needed to be told –- stories that helped us understand our world and one another a little bit better."
The Washington Post dedicated four pages to his obituary Wednesday morning:
Ben Bradlee obit: 4 full pages inside the @WashingtonPost http://t.co/iMnwewlQEc pic.twitter.com/OjvJMMaODh
— Brian Stelter (@brianstelter) October 22, 2014
Other journalists expressed their utmost respect and admiration for Bradlee on Twitter:
Ben Bradlee, the legendary WashPost editor during Watergate, is dead at 93. He was journalistic brilliance married to awesome charisma.
— Nicholas Kristof (@NickKristof) October 22, 2014
Seeing Ben Bradlee walking the halls of the Post was one of the great thrills of working there: http://t.co/ON0YqKfxjv
— Ezra Klein (@ezraklein) October 22, 2014
The last of the larger than life newspaper editors. Rest in peace, Ben Bradlee.
— Judy Battista (@judybattista) October 22, 2014
So sad to see the passing of Ben Bradlee, but he truly defined living life to its fullest. Getting to know him even a little bit was a joy.
— Jim Brady (@jimbradysp) October 22, 2014
RIP the only boss I ever had who was truly larger than life: the great Ben Bradlee http://t.co/fUesfz5zFT via @NewsHour
— gwen ifill (@gwenifill) October 22, 2014
He liked egg salad sandwiches, beautiful blondes and taking down a president. I am so glad I knew Ben Bradlee. http://t.co/bU0kpNYabr
— Melissa Bell (@MelissaBell) October 22, 2014
Ben Bradlee had the courage to back 2 young unproven reporters on a story no one cared about. It was only Watergate. Need more like him. RIP
— trey wingo (@wingoz) October 22, 2014
Post ticker pays tribute to Bradlee "remembered for his deep impact on not only journalism, but also on the country pic.twitter.com/gcbpiqMUCw
— Perry Stein (@PerryStein) October 22, 2014
More:

Artist Organizes Community Gun Buyback In New Orleansreddit
The rate of children killed by gun violence in the United States is several times higher than that of any other wealthy nation, with black male teens facing an alarmingly high risk . In New Orleans' 8th Ward, the hazard is especially perilous, with virtually every family affected in some way by gun injury or death.
Artist and curator Kirsha Kaechele, who lived in the 8th Ward for a decade, has had enough. In an effort to change the trajectory of violence and youth, Kaechele is organizing a gun buyback for her New Orleans neighborhood, the largest gun buyback in New Orleans history. And it's all part of a living art installation, titled "The Embassy," imagined for the "The Embassy," imagined for the New Orleans' Prospect 3 Biennial (P3+ satellite event).
Kirsha Kaechele,  Sess 4-5, BigAce Boss CEO,  Tora Lopez, Mr. Serv On, Brandi and Betty Squad Gumbo Dancers. Photo by: Jonathan Traviesa
The buyback, presented by Tasmania's Museum of Old and New Art , will take place at Ace’s Car Wash & Sweet Shop on Saturday October 25, 2014. The installation, a collaboration between local artists, rappers and reverends, will exchange $75 for a working handgun, $150 for a working rifle, and $250 for working assault rifles, semi- and fully-automatics. The endeavor transforms an economic interaction into a work of public and participatory performance art, a grassroots movement exchanging violence for inspiration.
All sellers will remain anonymous and all guns will be destroyed by the police department. Local rappers including Mr. Serv-On, KLC, Hotboy Ronald, Sess 4-5, 5th Ward Weebie, Keedy Black, Katey Red and BigAce Ceo are all participating in the effort to end the violent cycle, creating a rap album with an anti-gun message. A block party will coincide with the buyback, incorporating dancers, opera singers and community artists into the celebration of creativity. Finally, artist Meghan Boody is promoting Saturday's buyback through a series of "No More Blood" billboards, depicting mothers who have lost their children.
We reached out to organizer Kaechele to learn more about the origins of the performance.
'No More Blood' by Meghan Boody
You describe "The Embassy" as a living art installation. What do you mean by this?
It's an art installation set in the world. Rather than being static it's dynamic, it's alive. I love to go to the great museums and look at work in traditional mediums but in terms of making it myself I love the unknown element of a living work. You don't really know what's going to happen.
How did this project begin?
I lived on the street where Ace’s Car Wash & Sweet Shop is, which is a very high violence area. I lived there for 10 years and ran a program for kids, where they had weekly classes and a garden. Through that experience I saw all these young boys die, constantly. It was so tragic.
There was someone very close to me, his name was Rashan, he was a very beautiful boy who wanted no part of the violence. He was shot. That was a big moment for me; it showed how unacceptable the conditions are for young men today. If you happen to be born in that neighborhood everything is stacked against you.
'No More Blood' by Meghan Boody
What about the specific idea to hold a gun buyback?
Well, I carried [Rashan's death] with me, and at the same time have this background where a bunch of libertarians helped raise me. So I've been infiltrated with libertarian values and this "don't tread on me" attitude toward the government. I always felt like it should be a personal choice to deal with the gun problem. Then I moved to Australia and everyone made fun of me for being libertarian about gun control. They thought it was so dysfunctional and couldn't even comprehend that anyone would support freedom around gun ownership. I couldn't marry these two realities: one where these boys are dying in these tragic and absurd frequencies and how to deal with the personal liberty issues of the second amendment.
And then I had a revelation: if we used private funds to circumvent second amendment problems we can create a libertarian-friendly gun law, essentially. I thought that was conceptually interesting. The Biennial was coming up, the New Orleans Biennial called Prospect 3. I thought it would be fascinating to run a gun buyback in my old neighborhood, engaging my neighbors, having a warm reunion with them, and presenting it as a work for the Biennial. It was the whole history with Rashan that inspired me, so I thought I would dedicate the project to him.
Betty Squad Gumbo Dancers by Jonathan Traviesa
How did the local rap community become involved?
The rappers were a natural part of the project because their voices are respected. No one wants to know what I have to say about putting down your gun. I don't have a history that allows me to relate to young men who are engaged with gun violence. Rappers, on the other hand, they're the local heroes. If they're the ones saying stop the killing, there is a chance their message will be heard.
How did you engage them in the project?
I just started showing up on their doorsteps, basically. I went to the carwash owned by Hot Boy Ronald. I told him my mission and he said "that's great, count me in." As soon as I explained what I was doing, everyone lit up and said they wanted to be a part of it. Enough is enough.
Do you have any plans for the guns obtained during the buyback?
Not specifically. The art is the act of buying the guns. It's the ritual, a performance piece. We are also engaging a Berkeley economist to model the buyback and its effects. We hope we can get some meaningful data about gun buybacks and whether they work, because really there hasn't been good analysis thus far. It's a grassroots buyback driven by members of the community that people look up to.
Betty Squad Gumbo Dancers by Jonathan Traviesa
What separates the New Orleans art scene from others around the country?
New Orleans art scene is excellent because it's not commercially driven. People do make art for the sake of art. They create for themselves and each other. I suppose in that way it's very pure and vital and not constrained by the practicalities of commercial art. Also, space is affordable, lifestyle is affordable in New Orleans. Artists can really live here and have the space to create and work. The materials that are available are endless and abundant. Because it's an old city, there's always scrap wood and various materials that artists are inspired by.
What do you hope to communicate through this project?
My hope is that the young men in the 8th Ward and the surrounding neighborhoods are inspired to trade killing for creativity. Through the relationships they've developed they decide they can move past the paradigm of gangsters and guns. Healing in the neighborhood, by the neighborhood.
Also on HuffPost:

Exploring The Graffiti Hidden In New York s Abandoned Military Basereddit
Exploring Fort Tilden
National monuments are typically solemn places for reflection and remembrance. In the case of many decommissioned military installations across the world, the hidden parts of forts and bunkers are also serpentine galleries of freewill art shows. You may call it graffiti or you may call it a colossal explosion of creativity and unscripted free speech, but in all likelihood you will be moved by the clandestine display it in one way or another.
The entrance... (photo © Jaime Rojo)
The site of New York's abandoned WWI-era military base ( and site of the first Trans-Atlantic flight departure) , Fort Tilden, is also conveniently a beach for many of its creative types and related mismatched, fun-loving miscreants. While there are snide asides about this being a hipster spot, it is much more than a place for one-dimensional posers -- if only because it is sort of hard to get to.
But it is also a little utopia for the grimy, self-powered, soot-covered bicycling city-set who gravitate to the margins and outskirts for a day at the beach. There are art shows and ad hoc performances, long days of reading and snacking, splashing, Backgammon, and nudity. Sometimes all at once.
Additionally the entire site can be a hidden, yet open, art gallery.
Artist Unknown. Also, Mika loves Mea. (photo © Jaime Rojo)
Perched atop the bunker you can have a 360 degree view of the ocean and most of New York City, including the cluster of skyscrapers in yonder Manhattan. Inside it's labyrinthine spaces below with a flashlight you will discover a 360 degree view of most all of the graffiti and street art techniques that are freely experimented with in these mid twenty teens.
On a recent overcast/sunny day at the end of the summer season we took a tour of the darkened spaces that are open to the public to find what kind of art gallery is on display and to discover hidden gems, furtive artists, discarded liquor bottles and the occasional condom. Are these the aesthetic meanderings of mad minds, the seeds of tomorrow's art stars, or simply the unfiltered mark-making of youth on a summer day's spraycation?
Cake (photo © Jaime Rojo)

Unveiled: Designs for futuristic new metro trainsTFL unveils futuristic new tube train for London
1 / 30
Yahoo News | Photo by TFL
Thu 9 Oct, 2014 8:30 PM IST

Your Favorite  Orphan Black  Star Is Heading Off Broadway'Orphan Black' Star Tatiana Maslany Heads Off Broadway
 | By                                                                MARK KENNEDY
Updated:
10/22/2014  9:59 am EDT
Actress Tatiana Maslany, winner of the Best Actress in a Drama Series award for 'Orphan Black', poses for a portrait during the 4th Annual Critics' Choice Television Awards at The Beverly Hilton Hotel on June 19, 2014 in Beverly Hills, California.  (Photo by Michael Buckner/Getty Images for Critics' Choice Television Awards) | Michael Buckner via Getty Images
reddit
NEW YORK (AP) — Tatiana Maslany, the star of "Orphan Black," will be finding a temporary home on an off-Broadway stage.
Second Stage Theatre said Tuesday that the BBC America star will appear beside Tony Award nominee and "The Newsroom" actor Thomas Sadoski in Neil LaBute's world premiere "The Way We Get By."
The play will be directed by Leigh Silverman, who was nominated for a Tony Award last season for her direction of "Violet." Previews begin May 12.
Maslany, who plays varied clones of her main character on "Orphan Black," just finished filming "The Woman in Gold." In that, she stars alongside Helen Mirren and Ryan Reynolds.
LaBute's plays include "Reasons to Be Happy" and "The Money Shot." His movies include "Your Friends and Neighbors" and "Nurse Betty."
___
Also on The Huffington Post
Close

Air India Mumbai flights get bomb threatsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Powerful Flares Disrupt Communication Systemsreddit
The sun is at it again, unleashing a series of solar flares including one that caused brief disruptions in communication systems.
NASA said its space-based Solar Dynamics Observatory observed an X-class solar flare that peaked at 1:01 a.m. EDT on Oct. 19. Another X-class flare came at 10:28 a.m. EDT today, Oct. 22, according to the National Weather Service's Space Weather Prediction Center.
The second flare disrupted some radar and aircraft systems as well as amateur radio, Christopher Balch, a forecaster at the Space Weather Prediction Center, told the Associated Press.
Solar flares are bursts of radiation emitted by the sun. They're rated B, C, M, and X according to intensity, and X-class flares are the most powerful kind.
Flares aren't harmful to humans on Earth but can cause disturbances in the atmosphere, where GPS and communications signals travel.
Also on HuffPost:

Pires punched by opposing coach in Indian Super LeagueISL probes allegation of assault on Pires
Reuters –  Fri 24 Oct, 2014
View Photo
Robert Pires reacts during a news conference in Villarreal, April 6, 2009. Villarreal …
MUMBAI (Reuters) - The Indian Super League (ISL) said on Friday it is looking into allegation that former France midfielder Robert Pires was punched in the face by an opposition coach during a halftime altercation in Thursday's match in Goa.
Former Brazilian great Zico, the coach of FC Goa, said Pires told him about being hit by Atletico de Kolkata coach Antonio Lopez Habas in the tunnel when the teams left for the half-time break.
"Both teams have written to the ISL and the incident has been referred to the regulatory commissioner," an ISL spokesperson told Reuters.
Cavin Lobo's second-half brace took the Kolkata franchise, co-owned by La Liga champions Atletico Madrid, to a 2-1 win in the ill-tempered match, during which seven players were shown yellow cards, after Brazilian Andre Santos had given the hosts the lead in the first half.
"The other thing that happened which is more serious is that one of our players said that he was beaten by the coach of the other team," Zico told reporters after the match.
"Pires said he was punched on the face by the Atletico coach and it is very shameful.
"I am telling you what my players told me and I didn't see that myself but I don't think that Pires will lie and say something that didn't happen."
The Kolkata team lead the table with 10 points, having won three of their four matches in the eight-team competition.
"Look, none of us was present on the spot when the alleged incident took place," Kolkata team co-owner Utsav Parekh told the Telegraph newspaper.
"We are writing to the ISL about it and we expect them to investigate the matter and come out with the truth.
"CCTV footage is available and so it will not be very difficult to establish the truth. Whatever the incident, one can find that out from the CCTV footage."
(Reporting by Sudipto Ganguly; Editing by Amlan Chakraborty)
Recommend

Car smashes Commandments statue  US mandetainedA man admitted driving a car onto Oklahoma's state Capitol grounds overnight and into a disputed granite monument.
Posted: October 25, 2014 4:44 am | Updated: October 25, 2014 4:45 am
Authorities took a man into custody Friday after they say he admitted driving a car onto Oklahoma’s state Capitol grounds overnight and into a disputed granite monument of the Ten Commandments, smashing it to pieces.
The man was detained after he showed up at a federal building in Oklahoma City Friday morning, rambling and making derogatory statements about the president, and admitted destroying the monument, said David Allison, an agent with the US Secret Service in Oklahoma City.
“He claimed he got out of his car, urinated on the monument, and then ran over it and destroyed it,” Allison said. “He said Satan told him to do it, and that he was a Satanist.”
The man was turned over to the Oklahoma Highway Patrol for questioning, Allison said. A spokesman for the patrol didn’t immediately return a phone call seeking information about the man.
The 6-foot (1.8-meter)-tall monument was erected in 2012 with the blessing of Oklahoma’s conservative Legislature. The American Civil Liberties Union of Oklahoma has been suing to have it removed, arguing that it violates the Oklahoma Constitution and could be seen as a state endorsement of a religion.
Gov. Mary Fallin called it an “appalling” act of vandalism and volunteered to help raise private funds to restore it.
The ACLU sued on behalf of a minister and others who allege the monument’s location violates the state constitutional ban on using public property to support “any sect, church, denomination or system of religion.”
A judge ruled last month that the monument does not violate the Oklahoma Constitution, and ACLU attorneys filed an appeal with the state Supreme Court.
Ryan Kiesel, the ACLU of Oklahoma’s executive director, said he and his clients are “outraged” that the monument was vandalized.
The monument’s placement has led others to seek their own on the Capitol grounds, including a group that earlier this year unveiled designs for a 7-foot (2.1-meter)-tall statue of Satan. Other requests have been made from a Hindu leader in Nevada and the satirical Church of the Flying Spaghetti Monster.

New York  New Jersey issue stronger EbolaquarantineThe governors of New Jersey and New York say they're issuing a mandatory quarantine for travelers.
By: Associated Press | New York | Posted: October 25, 2014 5:11 am
The governors of New Jersey and New York say they’re issuing a mandatory quarantine for travelers who have had contact with Ebola-infected patients in West Africa.
New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie and New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo said a health care worker who had contact with Ebola patients in Africa already has been quarantined even though she has no symptoms. They say the woman landed at Newark Liberty Airport in New Jersey on Friday.
Any person traveling from the three West African nations who had contact with infected, or possibly infected, people will be automatically quarantined for 21 days. This includes doctors.
It will be coordinated with local health departments.

Student kills self  another in US school shooting: PolicePrint
Police and sheriff vehicles are parked in the driveway of Marysville Pilchuck High School in Marysville, Wash., Friday, Oct. 24, 2014, the afternoon after a morning shooting in the school's cafeteria. (Source: AP)
By: Press Trust of India | Los Angeles | Posted: October 25, 2014 12:45 am | Updated: October 25, 2014 10:11 am
In yet another tragic shooting in a US school, a student opened fire in a school cafeteria, killing one student and critically injuring four others before taking his own life, police said.
The shooting occurred on Friday in the cafeteria of Marysville-Pilchuck High School, 55km north of Seattle in Washington State.
The shooter was identified as Jaylen Fryberg, who was recently named the school’s homecoming prince. He shot himself and died, the police said. Eyewitness said the shooting began from cafeteria. Before turning the gun onto him, Fryberg killed one girl student. Two other girls and two boys were wounded. The injured were taken to a nearby hospital.
The four injured, including two cousins of the gunman, were shot in the head, the BBC reported.
Hundreds gathered at The Grove Church in Marysville, Wash., in the evening for a vigil to honor victims of a shooting at Marysville-Pilchuck High School on Friday, Oct. 24, 2014. (Source: AP)
Zach Yarbrough, a junior, told the local Seattle Times that he saw the shooter “extend his arm across a round table and fire his gun three to four times.” He watched the shootings but didn’t see what happened afterward because he “was already out of the cafeteria.”
One of the injured students, Jarron Webb, 15, said the shooter was angry about a romantic relationship he was involved in, and that the girl was one of the people shot. He said he believes one of the victims was his friend since kindergarten, the daily reported.
According to CNN, the shooter used the gun of his father. It is a “high capacity” weapon, the channel reported.
The school was locked down after the gunshots in the building, the school district said.
The FBI is sending its personnel to assist local officials in investigation.
This was the second shooting incident in a school in the region this year.

Murali Lanka is Walmart India s COOMurali Lanka is Walmart India s COO
Two dead  including gunman  at US high school: PoliceTwo dead  including gunman  at US high school: Police
Google s Alan Eustace makes record skydive from edge of spaceE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Got money Here are five latest flagship smartphones you can buy this DiwaliPrint
If you are looking forward to buy a premium smartphone this Diwali, here are five smartphones you may consider.
Written by Debashis Sarkar | New Delhi | Posted: October 22, 2014 2:52 pm | Updated: October 22, 2014 3:30 pm
As always Diwali is at the top of the agenda for all smartphone makers selling in India. All of them have announce their flagship smartphones just before Diwali to gain the most during the festive sale season, which is also in sync with the holiday season in the rest of the globe. Apart from popular brands like Apple, Samsung and BlackBerry, even Vertu launched its luxury smartphone, the Aster, last week.
Though the mid-range segment is a key driver of the Indian smartphone market, the demand for premium handsets is pretty evident.
If you are looking forward to buy a premium smartphone this Diwali, here are five premium flagship smartphones (launched recently) you may consider
Note: The list has been compiled alphabetically.
1) Apple iPhone 6
Price: Starts at Rs 53,500
Apple fanbois were spotted in large numbers in many cities across India around midnight of October 17, when Apple launched its new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus in India. The new iPhone 6 has an A8 processor that is much faster than the ones on its predecessors and has been touted as one of most innovative iPhones.
The Apple iPhone 6 16GB is priced Rs 53,500, the 64GB at Rs 62,500 and 128GB at Rs 71,500. The Apple iPhone 6 Plus 16 GB is priced Rs 62,500, 64GB at Rs 71,500 and 128GB at Rs 80,500. Both the devices are available in Silver, Gold and Space Grey colour options.
Specs:
4.7-inch LED backlit IPS screen (1334x750p, 326pp1) | A8 chip with 68-bit + M8 motion coprocessor with 1GB RAM | 16/64/128 GB internal storage | 8MP rear, 1.2MP front camera | iOS 8
2) BlackBerry Passport
Price: Rs 49,990
The BlackBerry Passport , which has been launched in India for Rs 49,990 just days after it was revealed to the world, is the most unique phone in recent times. It has a large, square touchscreen, as a well as a very BlackBerry-like full QWERTY keypad.
However, the innovation is not in the shape or form factor, but in making the keypad more functional that in any other device. While you can type like in any BlackBerry phone, the keypad here is also touch sensitive and can be used to move the cursor around or flick suggested words like with all-touch BB 10 smartphones.
Specs: 4.5-inch IPS display (1440 x 1440 pixels, 453 ppi) | 2.26 GHz Krait 400 quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 801 processor | 3GB RAM | 32 GB storage + microSD slot up to 128 GB | 13MP rear camera, 2MP front camera, 1080p Full HD video | 3G, Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, Bluetooth 4.0 | 3450mAh battery | BlackBerry OS 10.3
3) Nokia Lumia 930
Price: Rs 38,649
The Lumia 930, launched globally in April, stands apart for its 20MP PureView camera with ZEISS optics and advanced Rich Recording. It has a 2.2GHz Snapdragon quad-core processor with 2GB RAM and 32 GB internal storage. The thin phone also has a stylish design that sets it apart from the rest of the Lumia range.
Specs: 5-inch 1080 x 1920 pixels display with Corning Gorilla Glass 3| 32 GB internal memory, 2 GB RAM | 20 MP rear camera with Carl Zeiss optics and dual-LED flash | 1.2 MP, 720p | Microsoft Windows Phone 8.1 OS
4) Samsung Galaxy Note 4
Price: Rs 58,300
Samsung Galaxy Note 4 is coming to India a month after its global launch at the IFA 2014 in Berlin. Samsung is banking on the Quad HD screen, multi-window option and the new S Pen features to differentiate the Note 4 from rivals as well as the older Note 3 phone. In fact, the availability of full function stylus, the S Pen, is USP of the phone. There are no other phones that let you use a stylus with the ease of the Note 4. It now comes with better pressure sensitivity giving an experience as close to actual pen and paper as possible.
Specs: 5.7-inch Quad HD Super AMOLED (2560 x1440 pixels) display at 515 ppi pixel density with Corning Gorilla Glass 3 protection | Android 4.4.4 KitKat OS | 1.9GHz octa-core (1.9GHz quad core + 1.3GHz quad core) processor | 3GB RAM | 32GB internal memory expandable up to 64GB | Rear camera: 16M+ Smart OIS/ Fast AF, Live HDR(Rich Tone) | Front camera: 3.7MP + F1.9/ Selfie (90º), Wide selfie mode (120º) | 3220 mAh battery (Fast charging) | S Pen
5) Sony Xperia Z3
Price: Rs 49,990
Sony launched its flagship Xperia Z3 smartphone along with a compact version of it called Z3 Compact last month. Both the smartphones run on Android 4.4 KitKat OS sugarcoated with Sony’s custom UI. Sony is eying PS 4 gaming enthusiasts with its smartphones which comes with PS4 Remote Play functionality and PlayStation certification. Both Xeperia Z3 and Z3 comes with a 20.7 MP rear camera with auto focus and 2.2 MP front-facing camera. The Xperia Z3 Compact is priced at Rs 44,990.
The flagship Xperia Z3 features a 5.2-inch full-HD with a resolution of 1080 x 1920 pixels and houses a quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 801 processor clocked at 2.5 GHz and Adreno 330 GPU. Other display features include TRILUMINOS display for mobile and X-Reality for mobile picture engine.
The flagship smartphone comes with 3GB RAM along with 16GB internal storage which can be expanded up to 128 GB via microSD SDXC cards.
The HTC One M8 is another flagship smartphone that you can consider. However, if you can wait a bit, then HTC is coming up with its flagship One M8 Eye smartphone in early November.

Innovation Earth: The Next Green Tech Townreddit
More than 300,000 people may have marched in Manhattan last month for a worldwide climate call-to-arms, but evidently we can't even get it together at the statewide -- let alone national -- let alone global level. A study released last week by the Georgetown Climate Center shows that less than half of U.S. states are preparing for the coming effects of climate change. (Full rundown of the study here, at the Los Angeles Times .)
Unbelievably, those unprepared include Louisiana, where coastline is fast disappearing and with it the area's natural protection against future super storms; and Texas, where temperatures are rising and the current drought is among the worst seen in 500 years .
This shouldn't come as a surprise, perhaps, since far too many U.S. governors still deny that climate change even exists ( see this disturbing map ). But it's enough to turn our hopes toward American cities, which seem unfazed by politics and focused only on the realities ahead.
Chicago is planting trees for a warming Midwestern climate . Phoenix is rethinking its sprawl . Boulder has a carbon tax . San Francisco has mandated food composting. My hometown of Los Angeles now requires all new and refurbished homes to have ' cool roofs . (Disclosure: I advise the organization that helped promote this policy.)
Some may argue that change is easier to effect on a smaller scale. But cities don't have the luxury of looking the other way. Sea-level rise now threatens 1,400 U.S. cities . At the same time, more of us are moving to urban areas than ever before.
These towns are smart to prepare for the worst. But the smartest among them are also preparing for the best, becoming hubs for green tech and innovation that can bolster a city's economy along with its resiliency.
One to watch: Asheville, North Carolina. Surrounded by the beautiful Blue Ridge Mountains and long a haven for artsy types and outdoorsy retirees, the city has had at its forefront a certain eco-consciousness (as well as climate preparedness; the city has an extensive 169-page Sustainability Management Plan in place). But now, the city is poised to cultivate a new generation of green tech startups, led by the efforts of Lazy Environmentalist Josh Dorfman .
That moniker refers to Dorfman's well known book and TV franchise; what you may not know is that Dorfman also has an MBA and a background bootstrapping startups, including GoodGuide and Amazon's VineMarket.com . (Clearly, the man is anything but lazy.)
Last fall, Dorfman moved to Asheville with his young family and thought it would be great to use his startup and media experience to help scale up an entrepreneur community in his newfound hometown. Not long after, the perfect opportunity came along: He was hired by the county as its new director of entrepreneurship.
The resulting effort, the recently launched VentureAsheville.com , will create what Dorfman dubs "a high-growth entrepreneurial ecosystem." Local wanna-be entrepreneurs are paired with startup funding via an in-town angel investor network (Asheville Angels) and are given access to bi-weekly pitch events, networking get-togethers and mentoring. A green tech offshoot of national startup accelerator The Iron Yard will be launching this fall.
Sustainability-minded businesses that fall outside the realm of cleantech have access to Asheville nature-based business accelerator Accelerating Appalachia . Last year's graduates include Riverbend Malts , which provides locally farmed artisan malts to craft brewers, and Veterans to Farmers , which trains veterans from the Iraq and Afghanistan wars for careers in family farming.
Of course, Venture Asheville isn't exclusively focused on green tech. But the niche seems a natural fit for the city, which headquarters the National Climatic Data Center and its hundreds of climate scientists (including 16 Nobel laureates). The city will also soon be home to a 20,000-square-foot space downtown called the Collider that will serve as a meeting grounds for climate tech startups and scientists, entrepreneurs and even artists. Dorfman sees this as yet another potential incubator for innovation.
Ultimately, though, all of these opportunities will hopefully allow others to do what Dorfman, himself, wants to do: Live somewhere with a wonderful quality of life, help the environment and create a community "where good-paying green jobs come from."
"It's a millennial strategy," he says. "I'm talking to a guy in LA right now who grew up in Asheville and is currently working on a startup. He can look at Asheville now and say, 'Yeah, not only is it a great place to live, but I see where I can get capital, where I can find programmers. Maybe I'd love to move home.'"
Want to head there, too? Check out Asheville's latest crop of sustainability startups:
Appalatch - Locally manufactures outdoor apparel using U.S.-sourced sustainable materials and 3-D printing to markedly reduce textile waste.
Outrider - Creates adaptive all-terrain electric bikes (actually trikes) that can be used by those with physical disabilities, including paraplegics and quadriplegics.
BrightField Transportation Solutions - Designs solar-powered EV charging stations.
LoLo - Provides loyalty rewards platform for supporting locally based businesses.
If all this isn't inspiration enough, perhaps the prospect of grabbing a pint with a Nobel Prize-winning climate scientist will be: Asheville has more breweries per capita than any other U.S. city. Suds and startups -- sounds like a winning combination to me...
Got a great idea for my next Innovation Earth column? Send tips, thoughts and suggestions to jennifer@jennifergrayson.com .
Follow Jennifer Grayson on Twitter: www.twitter.com/jennigrayson
More:

Another Reason To Care About BPA In Things You Touch Every DayWhy Some Skin Care Products And Those Thermal Receipts May Be A Troubling Combination
Posted:
Updated:
10/22/2014  7:59 pm EDT
PCC's new yellow-tinted, BPA- and BPS-free receipt went into circulation late September. It is joined in a pile that includes an old BPS-based PCC receipt. | Lynne Peeples
reddit
Those little slips of paper that accumulate in our pockets and purses may do more than just document recent take-out meals, pumpkin spice lattes and shopping sprees. Receipts, according to a small study published Wednesday, could also deliver a potentially harmful rush of hormone-scrambling chemicals into our bodies.
The new research adds fuel to a heated public health debate, hinting that bisphenol A, or BPA -- a primary ingredient in thermal receipt paper used in cash registers, ATMs and some airline tickets -- might more readily leach from the paper and absorb through the skin than previously thought. Men and women in the study who held receipts after using hand sanitizer had up to 185 times more BPA clinging to their skin after one minute, as compared to those who did the same with dry hands. Results also suggested that, after the exposure, BPA in the blood rose to levels previously linked to increased risks of heart disease and diabetes.
"This completely unravels the FDA's position that BPA is safe," said co-author Frederick vom Saal, an environmental health expert at the University of Missouri-Columbia.
Scrutiny over BPA has been building in recent years, as researchers continue to uncover evidence that associates exposure to even minute amounts of the chemical -- most well known for its presence in food packaging and water bottles -- with health problems, from attention-deficit disorder and asthma to diabetes and cancer. As a result of consumer concerns, a number of BPA-free products have flooded the market. However, some "BPA-free" products have been found to contain low doses of a popular substitute chemical, bisphenol S (BPS), which can mimic or block natural hormone messengers in much the same way as its chemical cousin, and may even persist longer in the environment.
Still, studies have generally failed to show how harmful levels of BPA or BPS enter the bloodstream, explained vom Saal. Many researchers and regulators have "ignored" exposure through the skin or lining of the mouth, he said, focusing too narrowly on the ingestion of the chemicals. BPA is metabolized fairly efficiently in the stomach, which leaves little to enter the bloodstream. So while consuming BPA is a concern, he said, it may be outmatched by other routes of exposure.
The FDA has underscored the stomach's ability to break down BPA in its evaluation of the research. "Based on FDA's ongoing safety review of scientific evidence, the available information continues to support the safety of BPA for the currently approved uses in food containers and packaging," Theresa Eisenman, a spokeswoman with the FDA, said in an email to The Huffington Post.
Receipts, however, are outside of the agency's purview. In a report released in January, the EPA discussed its own concerns about the chemical and encouraged efforts to halt the use of BPA in receipts.
The chemical industry maintains that the practice is safe.
"The most relevant data shows very little BPA exposure under conditions most representative of real-life contact with thermal receipt paper," Steven G. Hentges, of the American Chemistry Council's Polycarbonate/BPA Global Group, wrote to HuffPost.
"Also, available data suggests that BPA is not readily absorbed through the skin," he added, referring to previous studies that found lower levels of BPA seeping through the skin. Participants in that research did not use skin care products prior to handling receipts.
Human skin does provide a reasonably effective barrier to chemicals in the environment. The new study, however, suggests human ingenuity, in attempting to achieve other ends, may inadvertently compromise that protection. Soaps, sunscreens, sanitizers and other skin care products often contain mixtures of chemicals designed to break down the skin's dermal barrier, allowing a product to more easily penetrate into the skin where it can better do its cleaning or moisturizing.
Cosmetic products themselves sometimes contain potentially dangerous chemicals such as phthalates, parabens and even BPA, said Laura Vandenberg, a researcher at the University of Massachusetts, Amherst, who was not involved in the new study. And if those temporarily opened channels do enable other chemicals to travel through our skin, she said, the implications could be profound.
"Receipts are something we all come into contact with," said Vandenberg, adding that she's seen cashiers and customers in cafeterias place receipts on soups, under sandwiches and even use them as napkins -- increasing the risk of both BPA absorption and ingestion. In fact, the new study found BPA was transferred from the participants' fingers onto French fries as they were eaten.
Still, experts caution that the study is small and more research is needed to better understand just how much exposure different people could face. There are already hints that women could face higher risks than men, likely due to thinner skin and greater use of cosmetic products.
But small changes in the use of thermal receipts are already underway, including moves by a few U.S. businesses to rid their receipts of BPA.
Jon Stewart, 29, handles receipts eight hours a day while working the cash register at a PCC Natural Market in Seattle. Until three weeks ago, the receipts he printed and handed to customers at his store contained BPS. That paper had replaced PCC's BPA-based receipts a few years ago after concerns arose of its safety.
On Sept. 29, PCC Natural Markets became the first grocery store chain in the country to roll out a BPA- and BPS-free receipt paper in all of its stores. The paper, developed by Wisconsin-based Appvion, Inc., uses vitamin C as an alternative thermal developer. "We thought this was the best thing we could do for our shoppers and our staff," said Diana Chapman, director of sustainability for PCC.
Stewart said that he is "stoked" with the change. "If it means fewer chemicals I have to handle, I'm all for it," he told HuffPost, noting that customers have frequently expressed their appreciation for the change. He also noted that fellow cashiers sometimes keep bottles of hand sanitizer at their registers.
"Eventually we'd like to go to electronic receipts," said Chapman, "but we're not there yet."
More:

He Was Lost And Did Not Fit InCanada Shooter Michael Zehaf-Bibeau Had Troubled Past
Reuters
reddit
By Allison Lampert and Julie Gordon
MONTREAL/VANCOUVER, Oct 23 (Reuters) - The Islamic convert that police say killed a soldier in Ottawa and then rampaged through Canada's parliament before being shot dead was a misfit and perhaps mentally ill, according to friends and family, while his troubled and transient past included robbery and drug offenses.
Michael Zehaf-Bibeau, 32, a Canadian citizen, was identified by police on Thursday as the attacker in the incident that rocked Canada and sent shock waves abroad.
"(He) was lost and did not fit in. I his mother spoke with him last week over lunch, I had not seen him for over five years before that," a woman who identified herself as Zehaf-Bibeau's mother said in a statement provided to the Associated Press.
Police said Zehaf-Bibeau shot and killed a soldier stationed at the National War Memorial in Ottawa on Wednesday before running into the nearby parliament buildings, where he was shot and killed by guards in a flurry of gunfire.
U.S. officials said they had been advised that Zehaf-Bibeau was a convert to Islam.
Several years ago Zehaf-Bibeau was known to have attended the Masjid Al-Salaam mosque in Vancouver, where he met David Bathurst, also a convert to Islam, David's father, John Bathurst, told Reuters. John Bathurst offered Zehaf-Bibeau some work with the family's sprinkler company in 2011, but he only lasted two days on the job.
"We made a mistake in trying to help someone out," Bathurst said, adding that while his son knew Zehaf-Bibeau from the mosque, the two men were not friends.
"We didn't fire him, I don't even remember why he quit. He probably just didn't show up," Bathurst said, adding that the company often employed men from the mosque and from Vancouver's rough downtown eastside neighborhood for odd jobs.
"He was nondescript," Bathurst said of Zehaf-Bibeau, adding that mental illness, not Islam, was behind the attack. "This guy acted alone. He's a nutcase that acted alone."
Wednesday's shooting was the second attack on Canadian soldiers in a week. On Monday, Martin Couture-Rouleau, a 25-year-old who converted to Islam last year, rammed his car into two soldiers in the Quebec town of Saint-Jean-sur-Richelieu and was shot dead by police. One of the soldiers later died.
HOMELESS SHELTER
Zehaf-Bibeau stayed at the Ottawa Mission homeless shelter in a downtrodden part of the city for about 10 days before Wednesday's attack, several people at the shelter told Reuters.
One man, who identified himself only as Randy, said he frequently saw Zehaf-Bibeau praying in the hallways of the mission.
Another man, who identified himself as Jean Claude, said Zehaf-Bibeau did not appear unusual, and mostly kept to himself.
"This whole thing is devastating for people here," he said. "We are all wondering, what would make a guy do something like that?"
Court records in Montreal showed Zehaf-Bibeau was born to Susan Bibeau in 1982 after she had a brief relationship with Bulgasem Zehaf. The two had a rocky relationship but were married in 1989, Bulgasem said in an affidavit.
"After (his) birth, his mother, Susan Bibeau and I renewed our relationship and I also established links with my son," Zehaf said in the affidavit. "I was entitled to ... look after his education, his security, and to give him all my love."
The parents petitioned in 1995 to change their son's name from Joseph Paul Michael Bibeau to Joseph Paul Michael Abdallah Bulgasem Zehaf Bibeau. Zehaf was also registered as the child's father at the time.
"We have no explanation to offer. I am mad at our son, I don't understand and part of me wants to hate him at this time," his mother, a civil servant, said in her statement.
Media reports said his father was a businessman of Libyan descent, and that his son had spent time in Libya before moving to Western Canada to work as a laborer. The affidavit said his father was a Canadian citizen.
A Michael Joseph Paul Zehaf-Bibeau was charged with robbery in Vancouver in December 2011, according to court documents, and was later found guilty of a lesser count of uttering threats.
He also had multiple run-ins with police in the French-speaking province of Quebec.
Quebec court records show three 2004 cases involving a Michael Zehaf-Bibeau, born in 1982. That year he pleaded guilty to two drug-related offenses and one charge of failing to comply with a judge's order.
At the Ottawa Mission, one resident who identified himself as Mark suggested the man they knew briefly had two sides.
One day, Zehaf-Bibeau "snapped" and acted aggressively with other residents, Mark said. He later apologized.
"It just floors me because he was all right," Mark said. "Maybe he was mentally challenged or something. What causes somebody to snap like that?" (Additional reporting by Richard Valdmanis and Peter Henderson in Ottawa; Writing by Andrea Hopkins; Editing by Peter Galloway)
Also on HuffPost:

WalMart India names Lanka as chief operations officerWalMart India names Murali Lanka as Chief Operations Officer
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 24, 2014  | 16:23 IST
The world's biggest retailer WalMart Stores Inc on Friday named Murali Lanka as the Chief Operations Officer of its Indian subsidiary with effect from December 1.
Lanka will lead store operations, sales and business development, membership and marketing and asset protection functions for the Best Price Modern Wholesale stores, WalMart India, the wholly owned subsidiary of WalMart Stores Inc, it said in a statement.
He will report to Krish Iyer, President and CEO, WalMart India .
Announcing the appointment, Iyer said: "His depth of knowledge and global experience will bring a fresh perspective to our business. He is a veteran at WalMart with almost 25 years in the company."
He further said Lanka's experience in food and general merchandise and commitment to e-commerce will help the company serve customers even more effectively in the years to come.
Murali had joined Wal-Mart in 1989 and played various roles in its Sam's Club.
In 2008, he came to India as the Head of Operations and spent five years before repatriating to US in 2013 as the Developmental Regional General Manager in the Texas division.
WalMart India owns and operates 20 Best Price Modern Wholesale stores in eight states across India. The first store opened in Amritsar in May 2009.
Earlier in April this year before the general elections, WalMart had announced that it would focus only on wholesale business and decided to stay away from multi-brand retail in India.
It had announced plans to open 50 wholesale stores in the next four to five years to expand its footprint in the country.
Later when the NDA government led by BJP, which opposed FDI in multi-brand retail, came into power in May, WalMart India had stated it would "engage and work" with the new government and continue to focus on the cash and carry business in the country.

These Biased Ideas Are Presented As Fact In Texas Curriculum StandardsThese Biased Ideas Are Presented As Fact In Texas Curriculum Standards
Posted:
Updated:
10/24/2014  9:59 pm EDT
Pro-science supporters rally prior to a State Board of Education public hearing on proposed new science textbooks in 2013 in Austin, Texas. In fall 2014, new proposed social studies textbooks also gained a fair amount of pushback from critics who say they have a conservative bias. (AP Photo/Eric Gay) | ASSOCIATED PRESS
reddit
Proposed Texas social studies textbooks may be flawed, but state standards are likely to blame for the imperfections.
In September, the nonprofit organization Texas Freedom Network Education Fund commissioned a group of history scholars to evaluate proposed social studies textbooks from publishing giants such as Pearson Education and McGraw-Hill Education. The scholars found that several of the textbooks were rife with religious and conservative biases that they said distort history. At the time, the TFN noted that while it was important that inaccuracies be corrected, the root of the problem likely lay with the state's social studies standards, to which the textbooks are expected to cater.
"In all fairness, it's clear that the publishers struggled with these flawed standards and still managed to do a good job in some areas ," said Kathy Miller, president of TFN Education Fund, in a September press release. "On the other hand, a number of textbook passages essentially reflect the ideological beliefs of politicians on the state board rather than sound scholarship and factual history."
This week, the TFN Education Fund announced a bit of good news -- that publishers made a number of corrections to the proposed books. While the group said the textbooks, which the Texas State Board of Education will vote whether to adopt in November, were improved, Miller noted, " There remain in the textbooks a number of biases and inaccuracies that should be corrected ."
The State Board of Education voted to adopt the current social studies curriculum in 2010. At the time, The New York Times noted that the curriculum " will put a conservative stamp on history and economics ." We revisited the Texas state social studies standards to see how they could be influencing publishers to print what has been called a misleading view of American history. Here are some troubling ideas we found in the Texas social studies curriculum standards:
Students Are Told To Question The Legal Doctrine Of The Separation Of Church And State
The Texas high school social studies curriculum standards ask students to compare and contrast the wording of the Constitution's establishment clause, which prohibits state religion, with the phrase "separation of church and state," which was established during later Supreme Court decisions. Don McElroy, a conservative former member of the SBOE, said students should be able to make this comparison because "We need to have students compare and contrast this current view of separation of church and state with the actual language in the First Amendment," according to a 2010 post from The Dallas Morning News.
Another board member, Mavis Knight, who opposed the standard, said she thought the requirement had a more dangerous connotation. "[It] implies there is no such thing as the legal doctrine of separation of church and state," Knight said to the outlet.
Notably, the curriculum standards also say that students should be able to identify Moses as someone who informed America's founding documents, something critics say is an example of the SBOE trying to insert religion into the classroom.
"It is absurd to suggest that Moses was a major influence on the Constitution and our constitutional structure of government," Dan Quinn, communications director for the TFN told The Huffington Post over the phone. "Every scholar we have spoke to has said that that's just factually inaccurate."
Slavery And Segregation Are Glossed Over
The curriculum standards seem to minimize some of the darker aspects of American history, such as slavery and segregation. When discussing Civil War history, the elementary school standards list sectionalism and states' rights before slavery as the primary causes for the conflict , notes a 2011 report from the right-leaning Fordham Institute.
"Black Codes, the Ku Klux Klan, or sharecropping; the term 'Jim Crow' never appears. Incredibly, racial segregation is only mentioned in a passing reference to the 1948 integration of the armed forces," says the report.
Following the adoption of the standards, the Texas branch of the NAACP and the League of United Latin American Citizens filed a complaint with the Department of Education, saying the standards downplay the Ku Klux Klan and violence against blacks.
" It is our contention that the SBOE curriculum changes were made with the intention to discriminate, and the SBOE curriculum and other areas raised in this complaint were either the result of unnecessary policies that have a disparate or stigmatizing impact on African Americans and Latinos, or reflect disparate treatment or neglect," said the complaint.
Gary Bledsoe, president of the Texas NAACP, told The Huffington Post that nothing ever came of the complaint.
Capitalism Is Promoted As A Superior System
The standards' authors are clearly fans of the free enterprise system, consistently emphasizing the advantage of American capitalism over other structures.
For example, the high school standards state that students should be able to "understand how the free enterprise system drives technological innovation and its application in the marketplace." The middle school standards clearly promote free enterprise capitalism over other economic systems , saying that students should be able to "compare and contrast free enterprise, socialist, and communist economies in various contemporary societies, including the benefits of the U.S. free enterprise system." Finally, the standards connect capitalism with the conservative ideal of limited government, asking students to be able to "explain why a free enterprise system of economics developed in the new nation, including minimal government intrusion, taxation, and property rights."
The Standards Try To Vindicate McCarthyism
During the 1950s, Sen. Joseph McCarthy (R-Wis.) and the House Un-American Activities Committee engaged in a witch hunt that was designed to expose supposed communists living in the United States, but ended up smearing many innocent citizens. In 1995, the U.S. National Security Agency released intelligence from a 1940s program called the Venona Project that had gathered Soviet military activity . It implicated several Soviet spies. While the Venona Papers do provide evidence against some communist spies, scholars have said they do not provide justification for the hysteria of McCarthyism or the senator's actions.
But, the Texas social studies standards take a different view. According to the standards, students should know about "McCarthyism, and the House Un-American Activities Committee (HUAC), the findings of which were confirmed by the Venona Papers."
Earlier on HuffPost:

U.S. nurse who had Ebola is virus free : Health officialsNina Pham in a still taken from a video in her isolation room at Texas Presbyterian Hospital in Dallas on October 16, 2014. (Source: Reuters)
By: Reuters | Washington | Posted: October 24, 2014 9:17 pm
A Dallas nurse who contracted Ebola is now free of the virus, U.S. health officials said on Friday.
Nina Pham, who contracted the disease while treating a man who later died of Ebola in a Dallas hospital, had been undergoing treatment at the National Institutes of Health in Bethesda, Maryland, since Oct. 16.
The NIH scheduled a Friday news conference to discuss Pham’s discharge.

App augments the reality of shoppingHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
App augments the reality of shopping
LN Revathy
elenabsl/shutterstock.com
Coimbatore, October 24:  
When Rajkamal Thangavel and Jeelani Subahan pulled out their iPad to capture the image of a piece of jewellery from a book lying close at hand, we didn’t realise that, within the next couple of minutes, we would have a wealth of details about the product. This included gold content, number of gems studded in the piece, price break-up, and where it was available so one could take a look, and even try on the ornament.
Holistic Media
Jeelani, co-Founder and Director of Augmente Tech Studio, then moved on to take a shot of a rock from a travel magazine.
Once again, we were able to zero in on the location, how to reach the spot, the other beautiful locations in and around the region, accommodation, and so on.
The duo, who are co-founders of the US-headquartered company, were demonstrating the power of augmented reality, sitting in the Business Line office in Coimbatore.
It also made us realise how image recognition can trigger augmented reality (AR) which, Wikipedia explains, “is a live direct or indirect view of a physical, real-world environment whose elements are augmented (or supplemented) by computer-generated sensory input such as sound, video, graphics or GPS data”.
Augmente’s product — “Holistic Media” — is a new AR tool that seamlessly animates any object or picture that is scanned, going beyond previous AR techniques, said Rajkamal, Chief Executive of Augmente.
The company is now looking to introduce Holistic Media in the Indian market.
A development team at Chennai is at present working on newer applications of this AR technique.
The co-founders of the company have identified the jewellery and clothing segments as potential users of its AR tool.
Value-add catalogues
“Many retailers send out colourful catalogues to their customers during festive seasons. But when one steps into the store, he/she may not find the same dress as in the catalogue. They finally decide to pick anything that they find appealing at the store. Our tool will help the customer find the catalogued item — branch-wise. This will enable the buyer to visit the store without wasting much time,” Rajkamal explained.
(This article was published on October 24, 2014)
Related
TOPICS

Whirlpool set to storm kitchens with a range of built-in gadgetsHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Whirlpool set to storm kitchens with a range of built-in gadgets
Meenakshi Verma Ambwani
Fridges, wine-coolers, dish-washers and microwaves planned
New Delhi, October 24:  
With more consumers willing to spend big bucks on modular kitchens, Whirlpool India is focusing on growing its built-in appliances range, which includes refrigerators and wine coolers, microwave ovens, washers and dryers.
The company is also in the process of expanding its franchise-managed ‘experience centres’ under the brand Whirlpool Haute Kitchen in the next six months. The first one has opened in Bangalore, and the company plans to expand it to cities such as Delhi-NCR, Jaipur, Chandigarh, where its range of built-in appliances will be on display.
Plugging gaps
“There is a growing population of top-end consumers who don’t mind spending a couple of lakhs on modular kitchens and we want to ride this wave. Growing awareness about cuisines, food and appliances has got them to look at glamorising their kitchen,” said Shantanu Dasgupta, Vice President, Corporate Affairs & Strategy, Whirlpool of India.
The company is working with real estate developers, kitchen manufacturers, interior designers and architects to grow this segment. With the growing number of real estate developers building premium apartments and looking to offer value-added features, the built-in appliances segment has seen rapid growth. “The revenues are still small right now, but we are looking to double the revenues earned from the built-in appliance segment in the next three years,” Dasgupta added.
Meanwhile, the company will continue to focus on strengthening its market share in refrigerators and washing machines, while following a more aggressive growth path in the air-conditioners and microwaves category, he added. With Whirlpool Corporation acquiring a majority stake in China-based Hefei Sanyo, Dasgupta said this would give the company another supply base of appliances to bring to India in the future. He said it will also help the company plug certain gaps in its home appliance portfolio.
On expansion of its distribution in smaller cities and rural regions, Dasgupta said, “This year, we expanded our presence across about 2,000 additional retail outlets. This expansion is happening in a methodical manner.” However, two-thirds of the consumption of home appliances is still skewed toward the top 40-50 cities, and urban consumers remain a big opportunity,” he added.
On expansion plans, Dasgupta said the company would evaluate, depending on the growth cycle. At present, Whirlpool has three plants where it manufactures single-and double-door refrigerators and washing machines.
(This article was published on October 24, 2014)
Related

CBI to launch enquiry against JSPL  Ministry officialsHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
CBI to launch enquiry against JSPL, Ministry officials
Our Bureau
Tweet
New Delhi, October 24:  
The Central Bureau of Investigation has registered a preliminary enquiry against officials of Jindal Steel and Power Ltd and Ministry of Environment and Forests for irregularities in granting approval for diversion of forest land for mining purpose in the Saranda forest of Jharkhand between 2007-2013.
The names of the officials were not revealed.
The forest in Jharkhand is said to be rich in mineral wealth.
JSPL had been allotted the Jeraldaburu iron ore mine in West Singhbhum district of Jharkhand for captive use.
“We have only come to know of the preliminary enquiry through media reports. JSPL reiterates that we have always co-operated with the investigative agencies and will respond when we receive these queries from the investigative authorities," said a JSPL spokesperson.
(This article was published on October 24, 2014)
Related

Nurse  now Ebola free  receives thanks from BarackObamaNina Pham got a hug from President Barack Obama in the Oval Office at the White House.
By: Associated Press | Bethesda | Posted: October 25, 2014 5:45 am
A nurse who caught Ebola while caring for a Dallas patient who died of the disease walked out of a Washington-area hospital virus-free Friday and into open arms.
Nina Pham got a hug from President Barack Obama in the Oval Office at the White House. And outside the hospital where she had been since last week, she got hugs from the nation’s infectious disease chief, who oversaw her care.
White House spokesman Josh Earnest called the meeting with Obama “an opportunity for the president to thank her for her service.” But the close contact between the president and the former patient also came as officials in New York tried to calm fears after a doctor was diagnosed with Ebola in that city.
Pham said she felt “fortunate and blessed to be standing here today,” as she left the National Institutes of Health’s Clinical Center in Bethesda, Maryland, where she had been since she arrived Oct. 16 from Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital Dallas.
Pham thanked her health care teams in Dallas and at the NIH and singled out fellow Ebola survivor Dr. Kent Brantly, who recovered after becoming infected in Liberia, for donating plasma containing Ebola-fighting antibodies as part of her care.
“Although I no longer have Ebola, I know it may be a while before I have my strength back,” Pham said at a news conference.
Dr. Anthony Fauci,, director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, told reporters that five consecutive tests showed no virus left in her blood. Five tests is way beyond the norm, he stressed, but his team did extra testing because the NIH is a research hospital. He had walked out to the news conference with his arm around Pham and later gave her a big hug.
“She is cured of Ebola, let’s get that clear,” Fauci said.
Pham stood throughout the approximately 20-minute press conference and was joined by her mother and sister. She read from a prepared statement and took no questions, but she called her experience “very stressful and challenging for me and for my family.”
“I ask for my privacy and for my family’s privacy to be respected as I return to Texas and try to get back to a normal life and reunite with my dog Bentley,” she said, drawing laughter with the mention of her 1-year-old King Charles spaniel. Bentley has been in quarantine since Pham’s diagnosis but has tested negative for the virus.
Pham is one of two nurses in Dallas who became infected with Ebola while treating Thomas Eric Duncan, who traveled to the United States from Liberia and died of the virus Oct. 8. The second nurse, Amber Vinson, is being treated at Emory University Hospital in Atlanta, which on Friday issued a statement saying she “is making good progress” continued…

Suspect arrested in death of two CaliforniadeputiesA suspect was arrested Friday afternoon after two sheriff's deputies were killed during a series of shootings.
By: Associated Press | California | Posted: October 25, 2014 6:06 am
A suspect was arrested Friday afternoon after two sheriff’s deputies were killed during a series of shootings that spanned about six hours across two California counties. A third deputy and a bystander were also shot during the spree.
Marcelo Marquez, 34, was taken alive Friday afternoon from a home in Auburn after the initial shooting hours earlier in a Sacramento commercial area, Placer County Sheriff’s spokeswoman Dena Erwin said.
“This guy was on a one-man crime spree today. He has no idea of the damage he did,” she said.
The four shootings sparked a massive manhunt by multiple agencies backed by search dogs, helicopters and armored vehicles. Residents nearby were told to stay indoors and schools were locked down during the search.
A woman who was with the suspect was also taken into custody in Placer County and authorities said she had a handgun in her purse.
Erwin said the officer who died was shot with an AR-15-type assault weapon, and the other officer was shot in the arm and was expected to survive.
Sacramento County Sheriff Scott Jones said at an afternoon news conference that Deputy Danny Oliver, 47, was killed after he approached a suspicious vehicle in a motel parking lot Friday morning and was shot in the forehead at close range. Oliver was a 15-year veteran who leaves behind a wife and two daughters.
Jones did not know a motive. Oliver was the first county deputy killed since 2008.
“He was not able to return fire or do anything,” Jones said. He said Oliver’s partner was able to shoot back as the vehicle fled the scene.
“We live as a family, today we grieve as a family,” Jones said.
The suspect then shot a male driver who refused to hand over his car keys during an attempted carjacking, officials said.
Erwin said two deputies from her department were later shot in Auburn, about 30 miles (48 kilometers) north of Sacramento, as the manhunt continued. She did not immediately release the deputies’ names or other identifying information.
Marquez was taken to a hospital before he could be booked into jail, Erwin said.

Zambia to focus on economic diplomacyZambia to focus on economic diplomacy
Sundar Pichai put in charge of major products and services at GoogleSundar Pichai put in charge of major products and services at Google
Ebola survivor Nina Pham receives hug from ObamaBETHESDA, Maryland, October 25, 2014
Updated: October 25, 2014 09:53 IST
Ebola survivor Nina Pham receives hug from Obama
AP
Tweet
Reuters
U.S. President Barack Obama hugs Ebola survivor Nina Pham in the Oval Office of the White House in Washington.
TOPICS
USA
A nurse, who caught Ebola while caring for a Dallas patient, who died of the disease walked out of hospital virus-free on Friday and into open arms.
Nina Pham got a hug from President Barack Obama in the Oval Office at the White House. And outside the hospital where she had been since last week, she got hugs from the nation’s infectious disease chief, who oversaw her care.
White House spokesman Josh Earnest called the meeting with Mr. Obama “an opportunity for the President to thank her for her service.”
Ms. Pham said she felt “fortunate and blessed to be standing here today,” as she left the National Institutes of Health’s Clinical Center in Bethesda, Maryland, where she had been since she arrived on October 16 from Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital Dallas.
Ms. Pham thanked her health care teams in Dallas and at the NIH and singled out fellow Ebola survivor Dr. Kent Brantly, who recovered after becoming infected in Liberia, for donating plasma containing Ebola-fighting antibodies as part of her care.
“Although I no longer have Ebola, I know it may be a while before I have my strength back,” Ms. Pham said at a news conference.
Dr. Anthony Fauci, director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, told reporters that five consecutive tests showed no virus left in her blood. Five tests is way beyond the norm, he stressed, but his team did extra testing because the NIH is a research hospital.
Ms. Pham is one of two nurses in Dallas, who became infected with Ebola while treating Thomas Eric Duncan , who travelled to the United States from Liberia and died of the virus on October 8. The second nurse, Amber Vinson, is being treated at Emory University Hospital in Atlanta, which on Friday issued a statement saying she “is making good progress” and that tests no longer detect virus in her blood.

Diwali Milan function: PM Modi to meet media persons at Delhi BJP headquartersDiwali Milan function: PM Modi to meet media persons at Delhi BJP headquarters
Feeling unprepared for Diwali Five tips to your rescueFeeling unprepared for Diwali? Five tips to your rescue
Diwali is just a day away. Today is the time to plug all gaps.
Outfit: We understand you didn't get time for that mandatory shopping because something or the other kept you preoccupied. You can either go shop now or pick a bright heavy sari (lehenga or suit will also do) from your existing wardrobe that you haven't worn for a long time.
Jewellery: If the outfit is simple with less embroidery or embellishments, you may opt for heavy jewellery. It will complete your elegant look.
Mehendi: If you are bored of regular Mehendi, you can try glitter Mehendi as it's quite hot this season. Alternatively, you could also opt for glitter nailpolish.
Thali: You can either make your Thali at home or get a readymade one quickly from your neighbourhood shop. There are lot of options available.
Rangoli and home decor: Ready-made Rangolis and glitter diyas will instantly give your home a Diwali look.
Related

Nissan to recall around 9 000 Micra  Sunny cars in India on faulty airbagsNissan to recall around 9,000 Micra, Sunny cars in India on faulty airbags
Roudra Bhattacharya | New Delhi | Published:  Oct 24 2014, 18:24  IST
Oct 24 2014, 18:24  IST
 

Shah Rukh Khan s  Happy New Year  set to script new box office collections recordsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Congress channel alleges immorality at Kerala cafe  BJP workers vandalise it.Print
Written by Shaju Philip | Thiruvananthapuram | Posted: October 25, 2014 1:54 am | Updated: October 25, 2014 2:21 pm
A Congress-backed Malayalam television channel on Thursday broadcast a report on alleged “immoral activities” at a cafe in Kozhikode, following which BJP workers stor-med the premises and smashed glass and furniture. The restaurant, called Downtown, was shut at the time, and no customers were hurt. TV cameras were waiting at the spot and filmed the attack, police said.
The video of the vandalism was tweeted by Congress media department head Ajay Maken, who posted a link to YouTube with the comment, “Watch how BJP supporters vandalise a coffee shop in Kerala for alleged immoral activities. #Shame”. Told that it was the Congress’s own Jaihind TV that had aired the report that instigated the attack, Maken said, “If anything has been shown on a TV channel, does that give the BJP the licence to indulge in moral policing?”
His tweet, Maken said, was “on the basis of what the BJP supporters have done. It (the video) clearly shows how they have vandalised a coffee shop”.
At 9 am on Thursday, Jaihind TV aired an “exclusive” report alleging that some coffeeshops and restaurants in Kozhikode had become centres of “immoral activities” which the police were ignoring. The report showed pictures of Downtown, and alleged that the parking area of the cafe was being “misused” by young men and women.
Jaihind TV was launched by Congress president Sonia Gandhi in August 2007. Its president is V M Sudheeran, chief of the Kerala Congress, and its managing director is M M Hassan, a state Congress vice-president.
The group was led by Prakash Babu, state general secretary of the Bharatiya Janata Yuva Morcha, the youth wing of the BJP. TV cameramen who were already present at the restaurant, filmed the attack. Asked if they knew about the attack in advance, Jaihind TV reporter Danithlal S Nambair said cameras of his channel had reached the spot along with those of other channels only after being informed by the police. Kozhikode City Police Circle Inspector Moosa Vallickadan, who is probing the attack, however, said TV cameras were ready at the spot when the Yuva Morcha men arrived.
Hassan declined to comment, saying Chief Editor K P Mohanan would react. Mohanan said Executive Editor J S Indukumar would respond.
Indukumar said, “We are not responsible for the attack. We have only reported… We have some other visuals to substantiate immoral activity, which are being held back.” He said cameras of several channels were present when the Yuva Morcha men targeted the hotel.
Basil Moosa, promoter of Downtown, which has been open for nine months now, said: “The parking area is an open space, which can be clearly seen from the road. There are several houses and apartments in the vicinity. Nobody can engage in an immoral activity on our premises. Besides, there are CCTV cameras. We suspect someone might have morphed the visuals or arranged some visuals to paint the restaurant in poor light,” Moosa said. He said the damage would cost Rs 4 lakh to repair.  BJP Kozhikode district president P Raghunath alleged on Friday continued…

Express 5: Just a fifth of HSBC accounts acknowledged yet ; 745 cr not enough for J&K floodreliefWe recommend that you go through these five stories from The Indian Express before starting your day.
By: Express News Service | Posted: October 25, 2014 9:18 am | Updated: October 25, 2014 9:25 am
1. BLACK MONEY
Only about a fifth of the individuals or entities named in the so-called HSBC list of alleged foreign account holders have acknowledged their ownership of the accounts. These individuals or entities — 136 in number — have either paid, or are in the process of paying, penalties for concealing incomes.
Read More:  A third of HSBC list isn’t verified yet, 136 confirmed begin to pay fines
2. MODI IN J&K
Jammu and Kashmir Chief Minister Omar Abdullah has said no international aid to help the flood-ravaged state has been rejected by the government. He said it is early to say whether Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s Diwali visit was a “meaningful gesture or not” and “if symbolism is all we get, then it is of no use but if his meeting with people helps clear the picture about the extent of damage caused by the floods and the need for a substantial central assistance, then it is good”.
Read More:  If Rs 745 cr is flood relief for J&K, it’s not enough: CM
3. CONGRESS ‘URGENCY’
Former Finance Minister P Chidambaram on Friday said the Congress morale was “pretty low” at the moment and that both party president Sonia Gandhi and vice-president Rahul Gandhi needed to “speak more”. They should show the “urgency” to reorganise the party and lead the Congress to play the role of the “true opposition”, Chidambaram told NDTV news channel. He also agreed a non-Gandhi could lead the party “some day”.
Read More:  Congress morale low, Sonia and Rahul must speak more: PC
4. OPINION
In his first Independence Day speech from the Red Fort, the prime minister laid out his vision for rural India. He drew a broad sketch of what all Indians must aspire to; now it needs finer details, so that the vision is rooted in possibility. An action plan for rural India needs a sense of urgency, priority and direction.
Read More:  Rural issues, local solutions
5. SHAHI IMAM’S SUCCESSOR 
The Imam of India’s biggest mosque, Delhi’s Jama Masjid, has decided who his successor will be: a 19-year-old student who is pursuing his Bachelors in Social Work. Shaban Bukhari is also the younger son of Imam Syed Ahmed Bukhari.

US giant General Atomics scouting for local partners to make next-gen weaponsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Yummilicious! Ten Diwali sweets to gorge onlifestyle
Yummilicious! Ten Diwali sweets to gorge on
It's that time of the year, when you gorge on sweets unapologetically. So, out of these ten most popular Diwali mithais, which one is your favourite? Check out and tell us.
Chocolate Barfi (Source: http://indianhealthyrecipes.com/ )

Climate change mitigation: needed a pragmatic agenda  says Jairam RameshEco agenda: Jairam Ramesh, former Environment Minister, giving a lecture on ‘Warming up to the Climate Change Challenge’ at the Asian College of Journalism on Friday. V GANESAN
Chennai, October 24:  
India must pass comprehensive legislations that make it mandatory to meet climate change mitigation targets ahead of the international climate conference to be held in Paris in 2015, according to Jairam Ramesh, former Union Minister for Environment and Forests.
This will instil confidence in the international community on the country’s seriousness in addressing the challenge of climate change and strengthen domestic initiatives.
The legislation should address energy efficiency targets, mandatory fuel efficiency standards, quality of forest cover and establish standards for emission from power plants.
Addressing a public lecture on ‘Warming up to the climate change challenge’ organised by the Hindu Centre for Politics and Public Policy and the Asian College of Journalism, he said such legislation must be a part of the overall pragmatic approach to the Paris conference that hopes to arrive at a legally binding agreement covering all countries. “A legal framework through executive actions is what I am advocating,” he said.
India can also demonstrate its commitment by adopting a low carbon approach to economic development. A study by the expert group of the Planning Commission made public in April 2014 provides many options and it also showed that a low carbon approach would only reduce average annual GDP by 0.1-0.15 percentage points.
(This article was published on October 24, 2014)
Related

E-commerce companies riding the Make-in-India waveE-commerce companies riding the Make-in-India wave
Priyanka Pani
Boosting business: E commerce players offer local manufacturers and traders pan-India reach.
Provide platform to connect artisans, small traders and end-consumers
Mumbai, October 24:  
India’s fledgling $3.2-billion ecommerce industry seems to have got a fillip with Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s ambitious Make-in-India campaign. The nascent yet rapidly growing sector, which has been working with small and medium enterprises and helping them sell their products online, hopes to involve more such players.
Showcasing products
As part of one such scheme, e-commerce major Flipkart has inked a pact with the Textiles Ministry to provide weavers a marketplace to showcase their products. For manufacturers, analytical data will be provided to help them acquire a customer base, and accordingly scale up supply.
Generally, small entrepreneurs tend to contribute over 20 per cent of total sales for online companies such as Fabfurnish.com and Paytm.
Several online firms have begun associating with the Prime Minister’s initiative, which focuses on manufacturing in India, and are using their technology and platforms to support local manufacturers and craftsmen.
Online marketplace ShopClues.com has also launched a campaign wherein it will showcase merchandise from India’s iconic markets, such as the ethnic weaves of Surat, silver jewellery from Jaipur, electronic goods from Nehru Place in Delhi, textiles from Tirupur and chikankari from Lucknow across various States.  Radhika Aggarwal, Co-Founder, ShopClues.com said: “We are the first e-commerce player to launch a special ‘Make in India’ initiative. Through this, we intend to turn the spotlight on numerous local manufacturers and small traders, and provide them a platform to gain a pan-India reach so that they can participate actively in the country’s retail revolution.”
The company has over 5,600 brands and over 75,000 merchants listed on its site, of which 4,600 are regional and local brands. Fashion portal FashionAndYou claims that it is seamlessly connecting small retailers with customers. Says the portal’s CEO, Aasheesh Mediratta: “E-commerce is already serving as a great platform to connect artisans, manufacturers, boutique labels and designers with the end consumer. More than two-thirds of our business comes from this segment.”
Customer base
FashionAndYou says it is also working towards enabling small manufacturers access to a wide customer base, with no investment. Meanwhile, a few companies such as Printvenue.in and Bluegape.com are riding high by selling ‘Make-in-India’ merchandise.
(This article was published on October 24, 2014)
Related

Delhi air is 16 times worse than normalDelhi air is 16 times worse than normal
NPA Tops PM-Bankers Meet AgendaNPA Tops PM-Bankers Meet Agenda
China and 20 other countries move to establish AIIB in Beijing; India and Singapore sign MoUChina and 20 other countries move to establish AIIB in Beijing; India and Singapore sign MoU
21 people killed in oil tank explosion and coal mine accident inChinaPrint
An injured miner is transferred to hospital after a coal mine collapsed in Tiechanggou township, China's Xinjiang regional capital of Urumqi Saturday, Oct. 25, 2014. (Source: AP photo)
By: Press Trust of India | Beijing | Posted: October 25, 2014 10:25 am | Updated: October 25, 2014 10:26 am
Around 21 people were killed and eleven were reportedly injured in two separate incidents in China.
Five people were killed after an oil tank truck exploded in China’s central Hubei Province, local authorities said on Saturday.
Three others were injured in the accident that took place last night in Zigui County, according to the local government.
The oil tank truck overturned and then exploded, killing the driver and nearby villagers.
Three houses were severely damaged by the explosion, state-run Xinhua new agency reported.
More than 70 police officers and firefighters joined the rescue.
In yet another incident, sixteen workers were killed and 11 others injured after a coal mine collapsed in China’s Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region.
The accident occurred in the regional capital Urumqi late last night when 33 workers were working underground.
Six of them managed to escape, state-run Xinhua news agency reported.
The injured workers have been hospitalized.
The cause of the accident is being investigated in an orderly manner, the report said.

China s top graft-buster says fight will never endChina s top graft-buster says fight will never end
Shooting in US school near Seattle killed 2  several injuredShooting in US school near Seattle killed 2  several injured
Gunman in Canada attack complained about mosqueGunman in Canada attack complained about mosque
Pak violates ceasefire again; resorts to heavy firing in Balakot sectorPak violates ceasefire again; resorts to heavy firing in Balakot sector
Best Diwali gift options  festive schemes for youStory
Smart Gifts For Festive Season
We bring you some of the finest gifts you can purchase this festive season for yourself and also for your loved ones.
Nidhi Singal      Follow @nidhisingal    Edition: October 2014
With plenty of gadgets in the market, it is a big task to think what's new and innovative or a value-for-money product worth gifting.
The festive season is a good time to buy gifts for your loved ones and even for yourself. With plenty of gadgets in the market, it is a big task to think what's new and innovative or a value-for-money product worth gifting. While we have shortlisted some products for you, we also bring you some of the best festive schemes for you.
Under Rs 2,000
Mini Alarm Clock
This is a utility gift for someone who travels a lot. When travelling, the personal possessions one carries are often at risk of being stolen. The Lock Alarm Mini safeguards these possessions. The Lock Alarm Mini weighs just 100g and has a retractable high-tensile steel cable that can extend up to 60cm in length. Simply pull out as much of the steel cable as required, lock the cable around the bags and an immovable object such as a post or railing. Using the computer slot adapter, the Lock Alarm Mini can also be used to secure a laptop, notebook or netbook computer from theft.
Price: Rs 1,299
Object locator
Know someone who often complains about forgetting where they placed the objects? Get them this little gadget that will help them in finding missing objects. The kit comes with three receivers. All that the user will have to do is attach a receiver to the object such as, for instance, a remote or keys or wallet. With a simple press of a button on the control unit, it will be easy to locate the object.
Price: Rs 1,250
Automatic Wine Preserve Pump
Wine lovers often face the challenge of either finishing the whole bottle of wine or end up losing its flavour when exposed to the air. If you know a wine lover, you can present them the Automatic Wine Vacuum Pump that will pump the air out of the wine bottle and seal the flavour inside.
Price: Rs 1,999
Gadget cleaning kit
We all use gadgets and often end up cleaning the display with wet cloth, without realising it isn't the best way to clean the gadget. A gadget cleaning kit comes handy for cleaning and increasing the life of your gadget. But you don't realise the importance of this one until you have it. Whosoever you gift this one to, will thank you for the kit. The Lapcare 3-in-1 Screen Cleaning Kit with Blower can be used to clean most gadgets including phones, laptops and tablets.
Price: Rs 599
Teewee
It is a simple way of streaming HD videos from the phone or the laptop to your TV. Plugging in the Teewe to the TV and installing an app does the job. The app lets you access all the downloaded content over the local WiFi network. Content on YouTube can also be accessed on the TV.
Price: Rs 1,999
From Rs 2,001 to Rs 5,000
Micromax 440W Router with Power Bank
Smartphones struggle to last a day on a single charge. Soa portable power bank is a necessity. But instead of gifting just a plain vanilla power bank, opt for something innovative. The Micromax 440W is a router as well where one can plug in a 3G dongle and convert its signal into WiFi, a handy tool. One can connect up to five devices on the WiFi network created by the device.
Price: Rs 2,350
Go Travel Cup Boiler
If you know someone who travels a lot and loves hot beverages, the Go Travel Cup Boiler is a perfect companion. It is more convenient than a travel kettle, and provides a cup of boiling water for tea or coffee or to warm a baby's bottle. It has an innovative protective guard and other 10 safety features.
Price: Rs 2,720
JBL Flip
This isn't the latest portable speaker in the market but it is the best in terms of sound in this price category. Anybody who loves music is going to love the JBL Flip, too. The sound of this portable speaker is loud and clear. It even sounds better than the most stereo systems installed in cars. It comes with an inbuilt battery that can last close to five hours. While it pairs over Bluetooth, it can also be connected to any gadget using the auxiliary cable.
Price: Rs 4,999
Nikon Sport Lite 8x25 DCF
This is one gift everyone would love to have. The Nikon Sport Lite Binoculars is compact and lightweight. It has rubber coating for a comfortable grip and multi-layered coating on the lenses for bright images.
Price: Rs 4,950
Plug Hub
Workstations often have wires running below the desk. This calls for under-desk cord management, which can be done using the Plug Hub. Made of rigid plastic and a rubber base, the Hub hides your power strip and cords in one discreet unit. It has three integrated cord anchors, so you can wrap the excess cords. It can be mounted on the wall or placed at the bottom of the desk.
Price: Rs 2,199
From Rs 5,001 to Rs 10,000
Oster Wine Chiller
This stainless steel single bottle electric wine chiller has an opener as well as a recharging base. It removes the cork at the touch of a button and can open up to 30 bottles on a single charge. It keep bottles chilled for a couple of hours. The base helps recharge the bottle opener.
Price: Rs 5,874
Samsung Gear Fit
Wearable gadgets are the next big thing in technology. There are a plenty of fitness trackers and smartwatches in the market. The Samsung Galaxy Fit made it to our list only after the price drop. Compatible with only a few selected Samsung Galaxy smartphones, the Fit has a curved screen and a heart rate monitor. It also has a pedometer and a few smartwatch features, too.
Price: Rs 8,150
GOQii
There are plenty of fitness bands in the market but the GOQii stands out from the crowd. Besides the band that will track the step count, there is also a coach that keeps one motivated to work out and adopt healthy eating habits.
Price: Rs 6,999
Micromax Canvas A1
A good looking Android smartphone with the Google support defines the Micromax Canvas A1. Being a part of Google's Android One ecosystem, it has quality hardware and runs on Android KitKat. It has a 5MP camera, 4.5-inch display, guaranteed OS update for two years, 1.3GHz quad core processor and 1GB RAM.
Price: Rs 6,599
Amazon Kindle (new)
Amazon's Kindle ebook reader is ideal for those who love reading books. Just before the festive season, Amazon has introduced a new Kindle, too. The most affordable Kindle ebook reader supports touch and offers 6-inch Carta e-paper technology display. Weighing 191 grams, it comes with 4 GB of internal storage that can store more than 1,000 books.
Price: Rs 5,999
From Rs 10,001 to Rs 25,000
Apple iPod Touch
The iPod can be described as the iPhone minus the calling facility. Jokes apart, the iPod is a complete personal entertainment device. One can enjoy quality videos, favourite music and even download apps to stay connected to the world. The innards on the iPod Touch are powerful, making it a personal gaming device too. Rs 16,900 for 16GB
Dell Inspiron 14
Designed for both youth and young professionals who are constantly on the move, the 14-inch Dell Inspiron has HD resolution with 1366x768 pixel resolution. It comes with a four-cell battery and 500GB hard disk. This Windows 8 machine weighs 1.99 kg.
Price: Rs 24,990
LG Song Star
Designed with the Indian market in mind, the LG Song Star is not just another Karaoke device. In fact, this microphone set comes preloaded with more than 4,000 songs, including regional language ones. There is echo and tempo control as well as real-time song rating. You can also queue up to 45 songs in one go. There is a two-mic version, too, at Rs 20,000.
Price: Rs 14,000
Philips Air Fryer
Those following a healthy diet will thank you for the Philips Air Fryer. It eliminates the need of frying food in oil and cooks the same food using Rapid Air Technology without any oil in less than 15 minutes. From French fries to samosas, everything can be cooked in the Air Fryer.
Price: Rs 10,675
Canon EOS-M Mirrorless Camera
Although smartphones are getting powerful cameras but they cannot match the images captured by a dedicated camera in terms of quality, sharpness and details. This Canon device has a CMOS sensor, 18MP resolution, full HD recording, and a three-inch Clear View II TFT LCD. An 18-55mm lens comes with the camera at this price.
Price: Rs 19,247
Rs 25,001 and Above
MacBook Air 11inch
Do you have a good budget and planning to gift a laptop? Well, no other laptop can match Apple's MacBook Air. Once addicted to this slim machine and Apple's proprietary operating system, no one would like anything else. The one with the 11-inch display starts at Rs 65,900 with 128GB flash storage, 1.4GHz dual core Intel i5 processor and 4GB of RAM.
Apple iPhone 6
We don't need to give any reasons for recommending this one. The iPhone 6 is expected to hit Indian shores just in time for Diwali and makes a perfect gift for any Apple follower. The bigger 4.7-inch display packed in a beautiful device also features an 8MP camera and a lasting battery
VU 50-inch 4k TV
4k TVs were never affordable but Sony had brought down the cost to a six-digit figure from a seven-digit price tag previously. But this year, VU has crossed a milestone by pricing a 50-inch 4k TV for `89,900. This TV has a 4k Graphics engine, 3D display, WiFi, and 20 watts audio output. It is priced much lower in comparison to the Samsung and Sony 4k TVs available in the market.
Price: Rs 89,900
Portronics iLume
This is a portable projector that is praiseworthy in every aspect. This short-throw projector is compact and can project anywhere between 19 inches to 110 inches. It is loaded with a host of connectivity options and is accompanied with a remote control. The 500 lumens lamp is good enough for setting up a personal home theatre in almost any room of the house.
Price: Rs 45,000
Festive Offers
The perfect time to buy a gadget is to wait till Diwali as most companies come up with festive discounts. With only a few days to Diwali, here are some cool offers worth grabbing.
Panasonic TVs
Panasonic is offering a wide range of freebies with the purchase of its LED, LCD and Plasma TVs. The company is offering a Blu-ray player and a microwave oven, along with other freebies, with the purchases. It is also offering a five-year warranty on Panasonic air-conditioners.
Apple iPhone 5S 16GB
Were you planning to buy an iPhone for long but the high price stopped you from buying one? Consider the iPhone 5S. Launched in India last year at Rs 53,500 for 16GB, the phone is now retailing at Rs 35,000 on online retailers such as Flipkart. This makes it a good buy. as it isn't really an old phone and can be upgraded to the iOS 8 without any issues.
Asus FonePad 7-inch dual SIM
Asus is offering a free cover worth Rs 1,599 with its FonePad 7-inch dual-SIM tablet. It comes with Intel Atom Z2520 1.2GHz dual core processor for lightning-fast web surfing and application loading, and is priced at Rs 12,999.
Dell Inspiron Laptops
For those planning to buy a laptop, consider Dell as the company is offering a two-year extended warranty and vouchers worth Rs 3,000 on the purchase of a Dell Inspiron laptop. This includes machines running on Intel i3, i5, i7 and AMD A6 processors.
Amazon.in
E-retailer Amazon.in is offering discounts on online purchases. The website is offering Gift Cards worth Rs 4,000 for free with every purchase of Xbox One. It is also offering 25 per cent off on backpacks, wallets, and luggage; 60 per cent off on more than 4,000 best-selling books; 50 per cent off on music; and 30 per cent off on special sports combos.

The tasks of governanceUpdated: October 24, 2014 02:23 IST
The tasks of governance
political development
It is not often that a first-time legislator gets to be Chief Minister. In Haryana, Manohar Lal Khattar was chosen by the Bharatiya Janata Party for the top job not for his legislative experience or administrative expertise, but for his organisational skill and political savvy. Mr. Khattar joined the BJP from the ranks of the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh, where he was an active pracharak, and was put in charge of the party’s affairs in several States in the last two decades. In Haryana, his inputs went into the BJP’s making and breaking of alliances with some of the regional parties — the Haryana Vikas Party, the Indian National Lok Dal and the Haryana Janhit Congress. With every new alliance the BJP grew stronger, until in the latest Assembly election it found the confidence to fight on its own. At least some of the credit for the party’s growth in the State at the expense of its allies should go to Mr. Khattar. In many ways, this is a reward for Mr. Khattar, a form of recognition for his efforts to overcome the BJP’s weaknesses in Haryana. It is also an expression of gratitude by the Narendra Modi-Amit Shah team to Mr. Khattar for his having worked closely with them. Mr. Modi was himself an organisation man before he became Chief Minister of Gujarat, and he would have seen Mr. Khattar as embodying some of his own abilities that go beyond mere tact and rhetoric.
In choosing Mr. Khattar over other aspirants, the BJP also signalled that it was not getting into the game of playing the Jat card in Haryana. Jats constitute a dominant caste group in the State, and large sections of them now form the backbone of the Indian National Lok Dal led by Om Prakash Chautala, which finished second behind the BJP. But for the BJP, as for the Congress, the support base is more diverse, and the choice of Mr. Khattar reflects this fact. As is the normal practice in the BJP, the candidature was proposed and endorsed by the principal rivals for the Chief Minister’s post. While State party chief Ram Bilas Sharma proposed his name, Captain Abhimanyu was among those who seconded the proposal. Mr. Khattar will now have to shift his focus to governance from political manoeuvres. Haryana is a small State, but the challenges for the new government are formidable. Food security, employment opportunities, rural development and prevention of female foeticide are issues that cry out for attention — more than cow slaughter or free pilgrimages, which too figured in the BJP’s election manifesto. Mr. Khattar in office is soon going to realise that expanding the support base as an Opposition party is easier than consolidating it as a ruling party. After the smooth takeover, he must focus on governance and meeting the expectations behind the mandate.

Happy New Year  vs  Don : Shah Rukh Khan explainsHappy New Year  vs  Don : Shah Rukh Khan explains
Data migration from China has nothing to do with IAF alert: Xiaomi IndiaheadPrint
The data migration process had started in early 2014; part of this migration will be completed by the end of the year.
Written by Debashis Sarkar | New Delhi | Posted: October 25, 2014 10:29 am | Updated: October 28, 2014 10:02 am
Xiaomi has again made headlines but this time for something serious. Days after it was reported that the Indian Air Force (IAF) had issued an advisory asking its personnel and their families not to use Xiaomi smartphones on account of ‘spying’, Xiaomi’s global vice president Hugo Barra’s blog post on Google Plus on Wednesday titled “ We’re moving your data ” has sparked a new row.
Manu Jain
It seemed like Xiaomi’s decision to migrate data from Beijing to US and Singapore was in response to the recent IAF notification. However, Xiaomi has denied this completely.
“The process for data/server migration started in early 2014, part of this migration will be completed by the end of the year. We believe that this migration will help improve the performance of our services. It will also provide some peace of mind for users in India in ensuring that we treat their data with the utmost care and will always maintain the highest privacy standards,” Manu Jain, head of Xiaomi’s India operation, told IndianExpress.com.
(Here is all you need to know: Indian Air Force alerts its personnel not to use Xiaomi phones )
IndianExpress.com had reported earlier that the advisory issued by IAF might be based on an old F-Secure privacy report. The same has been confirmed by Xiaomi now.
“We are not sure, but this might be some kind of misunderstanding. We do not have full information about the circular issued by IAF, however we believe that this advisory circular is based on events about 3 months back. We believe, it refers to the F-Secure test done on the Redmi 1S in July 2014 about the activation of our Cloud Messaging service by default,” said Jain.
F-Secure had confirmed, in a week, that Xiaomi had fixed the issues in its RedMi 1S smartphones through an update. “We immediately addressed the concerns raised by F-Secure. We scheduled an OTA system update on August 10, 2014 to implement a change, which ensured that all the users had to manually activate the Cloud services, instead of being activated by default. This change was directly acknowledged by F-Secure 4 days later, where they confirmed that their concerns were addressed,” added Jain.
The same was confirmed by Su Gim Goh, Security Advisor, APAC, F-Secure during his visit to New Delhi on September 1.
If the IAF advisory is totally based on the old F-Secure report, then it makes little sense now as the issue has been confirmed to be solved by the same software secure company who was the first to report the privacy breach incidence. The IAF advisory claims to be based on ‘inputs’ from Indian Computer Emergency Response Team (CERT-In). However, nothing specific has been mentioned.
The OTA update has now made Xiaomi’s cloud services as an opt-in feature, rather than a default one. Mi Cloud is turned off by default. Users must log in with their Mi accounts and manually turn on Mi Cloud. Users can also turn it off at any point of time.
Responding to the privacy concerns, Jain said, “Xiaomi never uploads photos, text messages, or any other data without the user’s consent. The storage of data in Mi Cloud fully respects the local laws of each country and region. When the data is sent to the cloud, we take rigorous precautions to ensure that all data is secured when uploaded to Xiaomi servers and is not stored beyond the time required. Strict encryption algorithms are implemented to protect user privacy. This is no different from other cloud backup services. If users want, they can use cloud services from Google, Dropbox and many others.”
Xiaomi is yet to reach out to IAF to get more clarity as to why the advisory was issued against using their smartphones. “We would be happy to talk to IAF to explain the entire situation to them. I am confident that we would be able to resolve any concerns / questions that they might be having,” said Jain.

Shah Rukh Khan s  Happy New Year  box office collections break Dhoom 3 record on Day 1Home
Miscellaneous
Shah Rukh Khan's 'Happy New Year' box office collections break Dhoom 3 record with Rs 45 cr on Day 1
FE Online | New Delhi | Updated:  Oct 27 2014, 07:24  IST
Oct 27 2014, 07:24  IST
 

5 months in power increases crorepatis in PM s Cabinet5 months in power increases crorepatis in PM s Cabinet
LIVE: PM Narendra Modis first major media meet to start shortly at Delhi BJPheadquartersPrint
The government is concerned by the surge in imports from China that has hit some of the domestic industries.
Written by Liz Mathew | New Delhi | Posted: October 25, 2014 11:32 am | Updated: October 26, 2014 3:54 pm
BJP president Amit Shah had staged it as a Diwali Milan with the media. And, true to the festive spirit of the occasion, there were sweets and sweetness all around — and Prime Minister Narendra Modi had nothing but praise for journalists, asking them to “keep spreading the light”.
In his first remarks to a media audience since he took charge five months ago, Modi recalled the “beautiful relationship” he had with the press when he worked as general secretary in Delhi and said that he was actively looking for a way to “deepen and broaden” that relationship.
These remarks, a conspicuous break from his past comments on the press, come when Modi has evolved his distinctive style of political communication, which involves going directly to his audiences, be it via social media on a daily basis, or through special events and occasions, such as his interaction with students nationwide on Teachers’ Day.
At Saturday’s function, he took no questions but in a short address — before he stepped down from the stage and went from table to table — he appeared more confident and sure vis-a-vis the media than ever.  “I used to arrange chairs here (BJP office) waiting for you (media). Those were different days when we used to interact freely. I had a beautiful relationship with you and it helped me in Gujarat,” Modi said.
Suggesting that he was aware of the distance he has kept from the media, Modi said: “I am looking for a way to deepen and broaden my relationship with the media. Some way will be found to make judicious use of my time with you. It is important to interact with the media directly rather than (only) through reportage and articles. By interacting directly, one gets to know things, (even those) which media persons cannot report. Not only does one get information but also vision, which is very valuable.”
He went on to praise the media for its coverage of the Swachch Bharat Abhiyan and said that it had force multiplied the effect of the mission. “The Prime Minister cannot pick up the broom alone. Media has converted its pen into a broom… This is a service to the nation. So far, cleaning up was considered the government’s duty alone, but it is the media that has made it a joint effort…I owe a deep debt to them.”
Modi said that although 80 per cent of the media coverage of the cleanliness mission carried critiques of the government, it had “awakened” the society and government.
Later, Modi, who was introduced by BJP national secretary Shrikant Sharma as “Yuva Hriday Samrat”, mingled with the reporters and TV anchors present. Many jostled to get continued…

In first Facebook post  Stephen Hawking asks fans to be curiousNew York, October 25, 2014
Updated: October 25, 2014 12:30 IST
In first Facebook post, Stephen Hawking asks fans to be curious
IANS
Prof. Hawking’s Facebook page has garnered over 900,000 likes so far.
TOPICS
social networking
The famous theoretical physicist professor Stephen Hawking is now on Facebook, asking fans to be “curious”.
In his first Facebook post, Prof. Hawking said: “I have always wondered what makes the universe exist. Time and space may forever be a mystery, but that has not stopped my pursuit.”
“Our connections to one another have grown infinitely and now that I have the chance, I am eager to share this journey with you. Be curious, I know I will forever be,” he added.
Prof. Hawking’s page has garnered over 900,000 likes so far.

Gold seized at Karipur airportUpdated: October 25, 2014 11:43 IST
Gold seized at Karipur airport
Staff Reporter
The Hindu
Gold valued at Rs.1 crore was seized at the Karipur airport on Friday.
The gold was found hidden inside an LED emergency lamp and an SJ power bank (mobile battery recharger).
The Air Customs Intelligence wing at Karipur seized smuggled-in gold valued at Rs.1 crore on Friday.
The seizure was made in two instances related to the Air Arabia flight G9-454 which arrived from Sharjah at 3.30 a.m. Gold bars weighing 1.597 kg were seized from a passenger and two kilograms of gold was recovered from the toilet waste of the flight.
Siddik Vellarakunnummel, 29, from Vavad, near Koduvally, was arrested by the Customs authorities. The gold was found hidden inside an LED emergency lamp and an SJ power bank (mobile battery recharger). While a gold bar weighing 1 kg was found hidden in the emergency lamp, three pieces weighing 597 gm were recovered from the power bank.
Customs officers said his roommate Muneer, 27, from Ottappalam had handed him a carton containing the emergency lamp and the power bank by offering him Rs.40,000. Siddik was to hand over the carton to one Gafoor who was to collect it after handing over the contract amount. In the second case, the Customs officers recovered two gold bars weighing two kilos when they scanned the toilet waste of the Air Arabia flight.
Four cleaning employees of the Air Arabia flight were questioned.

UNSC slams deadly terrorist attack in EgyptUNSC slams deadly terrorist attack in Egypt
Washington State School Shooting: 2 Dead  4 Hurt; Shooter was Angry about FailedWashington State School Shooting: 2 Dead  4 Hurt; Shooter was Angry about Failed
Expensive stocks that still have scope for gainsStory
At a premium
We bring sectors and stocks that are trading at high valuations but still offer scope for gains
Tanvi Varma      Follow @vtanvi    Edition: October 2014
(Photo: Reuters)
Market experts, while discussing investment options, frequently talk about stocks as being 'cheap' or 'expensive'. They are referring to the stock being priced too high or low in light of the company's total earnings it has a claim on. The figure, called the price-to-earnings, or PE, ratio is calculated by dividing the share price by earnings per share.
This is how it works. If earnings remain the same or rise at a slower pace than the stock price, the PE ratio will rise. At some point, the price of the stock will be deemed too high vis-a-vis the earnings per share. So, it will be declared a sell candidate. Conversely, if the PE ratio falls, either because of rise in earnings or fall in the share price, the stock becomes cheap and, thus, attractive. This is because in such a case each share will have a claim on more earnings.
"In theory, the higher the PE ratio, the more expensive the stock. However, there are other parameters also to find out if the stock is expensive or cheap," says Devang Mehta, senior vice president & head, Equity Advisory, Anand Rathi Investment Services.
Sky-high PEs
Though there are many other metrics to value stocks, some more suited to one industry than the other, the PE ratio remains the most popular. This is because it is the only parameter that goes to the heart of what businesses are all about-owner or shareholder earnings.
We discuss sectors and stocks that are expensive but still offer good money-making opportunities.
PRICEY INDICES
The Indian stock market is trading at a PE of 20.78 times 12 months trailing earnings (as on July 31). This makes it among the most expensive. The PE of an index is calculated by dividing the index level by total earnings per share.
MSCI India vs other MSCI indices
The reason for such a high PE is the rally in stocks due to hope that India's economy will again start growing at a fast pace. In fact, some sector indices such as Realty are trading up to 60 times 12 months trailing earnings, much higher than their long-term averages. The National Stock Exchange (NSE) Pharmaceutical index, for instance, is trading at a PE of 45 times. It is followed by the NSE FMCG index, which is trading at 35 times earnings.
Dipen Shah, head, Private Client Group Research, Kotak Securities, says companies in defensive sectors such as pharmaceutical and FMCG are highly valued due to predictability of growth and large amounts of cash on balance sheets. In fact, several multinationals, or MNCs, in the defensive pack deserve a higher valuation, he says.
Take the case of pharmaceutical companies. "India is an attractive market for pharmaceutical MNCs because of billion-plus population, rising incomes and incidence of lifestyle diseases and spread of medical insurance. That is why they are willing to pay a high premium for good companies in the space," says Mehta of Anand Rathi. Also, these MNCs are finding it tough to grow in their home markets, making India all the more attractive for them. That is why despite the high valuation, Mehta is upbeat on the sector.
Among the big players, Sun Pharmaceutical and Glaxosmithkline are trading at PEs of 51 and 44.5, respectively. Vinay Khattar, associate director & head of research, Edelweiss, says Sun's valuation is justified due to its high margins and return ratios.
"Glaxosmithkline commands a high valuation as it has a strong parent, which gives it access to a long product pipeline, and good brand-building ability," says Mehta of Anand Rathi. "It is one of the few companies with an ability to grow at a reasonable rate without requiring a lot of capital," he says.
FAVOURITE FMCG
"FMCG companies have always been valued highly as they are not much affected by changes in government policies and the macroeconomic environment," says Mehta. Moreover, some of the biggest companies in the space such as HUL, P&G and Colgate are owned by big foreign parents. Their financials, too, are strong.
Warren Buffett recommends companies that offer unique products/services. The biggest advantage of such companies, he says, is that they are likely to have a lot of cash. FMCG companies fall in this category.
Take Asian Paints, which is among the most expensive stocks (trades at 47 times earnings). Still, many analysts like India's largest paint company due to its large supply network, strong brand and good portfolio mix. Coming close on its heels is Berger Paints with a PE of 42 times earnings. It is the second-largest company in India's decorative paints industry with a market share of 17-18%. Similarly, Pidilite is a great franchise with leadership in the adhesive segment and huge pricing power. It has all the plus points of an FMCG company-high sales growth, operating margin growth and return on equity. But Kotak's Shah is not comfortable with valuations in the FMCG sector and advises investors to choose stocks carefully.
REALTY TALES
The BSE Realty index was trading at 60 times trailing 12 months earnings in May. It has been rising due to optimism about revival of demand for real estate. Still, is the high PE ratio justified, considering that the economy and, therefore, demand for real estate may take many quarters to revive? While the signals are mixed, most experts suggest investors to be cautions while investing in real estate stocks. The PE ratios they say, may not be justified by the expected growth in the near future. But Mehta says investors should not judge real estate companies by only their PE ratios. They should look at project execution record and margins as well. They must also see the working capital to sales ratio due to the long gestation period of projects, debt, margins and return on capital.
RIDING THE WAVE
The auto index, too, has been scaling new highs since the start of the year.
Eicher Motors is one of the most expensive auto stock (trading at 53 times 12 months trailing earnings).
"High growth in Royal Enfield sales, expected recovery in the commercial vehicle segment and pricing power have helped the Eicher stock notch up spectacular gains," says Mehta of Anand Rathi. The stock has given a return of 58% a year since March 2011; it was trading at Rs 8,500 on July 31.
The Motherson Sumi stock has also risen sharply of late. It is trading at 42 times earnings. Mehta rates the stock as a buy and expects the good performance to continue.
HEAVY METAL
Many metal stocks have also risen sharply of late, mainly due to higher demand from China, and revival of India's economy. The JSW Steel stock, for instance, rose from Rs 1,035 on March 31 to Rs 1,180 on July 31. It is trading at 63 times 12 months trailing earnings.
Metal companies are valued on the basis of EBITDA, which in case of JSW Steel is expected to grow 43% a year between 2013-14 and 2015-16, according to a report by Edelweiss. EBITDA, or operating profit, stands for earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation.
Most expensive BSE 200 stocks according to their 12-month trailing PE Ratios
Similarly, power stocks have risen up to 35% in the last six months due to optimism about growth, increase in fuel availability and higher utilisation rates. Although the earnings of these companies are not very high, they are valued on the basis of assets. JP Power Ventures, for instance, was the most expensive stock based on trailing 12 months earnings in the BSE 200 index on July 31. According to a report by Emkay Global Financial Services, the stock can be bought on dips as the company's enterprise value is close to Rs 12,000 crore for its three hydro power plants, implying a price to book of 2.2 times, which is reasonable given that these plants' return on equity is 25%. Judicious analysis
Shah of Kotak says analysing stocks on the basis of trailing PE ratios may be misleading, especially in the current environment when things are changing fast, making forward earnings more important. One must always compare a company's PE to that of its peers. "Many high-risk companies will have low PE ratios, which means the market is not willing to pay a high price for risk. Examples can be sectors such as metals and sugar," says Mehta of Anand Rathi.
Shah says a few stocks will always command high valuations because of scarcity premium (not many listed companies in the space). An example is Jubilant Foodworks, which runs Dominos and Dunkin Donuts. The stock is trading at 70 times 12 months trailing and 52 times 2014-15 earnings. However, Emkay Global Financial Services has a sell rating on it as the company's margins are under pressure due to addition of more stores and high operating expenses. Shah expects premium valuations for the internet and ecommerce sector, which is an emerging area.

Samuels speaks out  wanted to playTweet
0
Samuels during the India tour.Kingston: West Indies stroke-maker Marlon Samuels said he never wanted to be part of the one-day team's plan to abandon the tour of India, and revealed he stayed away from most of the players' meetings during the troubled tour.
Samuels is the first player to speak out about the controversial decision taken by the players. The Jamaican said he was focussed all along on completing the tour and dealing with the contracts and pay issues afterwards, reports CMC.
The West Indies players abandoned the tour following a bitter wrangle with both the West Indies Cricket Board (WICB) and the Wavell Hinds-led West Indies Players Association (WIPA) over the new terms of the recently negotiated Collective Bargaining Agreement.
Players were unhappy with the new contracts and have claimed they result in a drastic reduction in their earnings.
"Wavell Hinds cannot negotiate on behalf of me so I know that once I continued (to play) - I just needed to finish this tour and then I would have asked questions," Samuels said in a radio interview on Power 104 FM. "The main thing first was West Indies cricket; that is why I remained focussed throughout everything."
Samuels was the only bright spot on the tour, smashing two superb centuries to finish the series with 254 runs from three innings.
In the opening game in Kochi which came under threat of strike action from players, Samuels carved out a brilliant unbeaten 126 as the West Indies took a 1-0 lead in the series with a comprehensive 124-run victory. He returned in the fourth ODI in Dharamsala to hit 112 as the West Indies slipped to a 59-run loss.
Off the field, Samuels said he stayed away from most of the players' meetings. According to the 33-year-old, there were about eight meetings but he attended only two at which chief selector Clive Lloyd was present.
"For most of those meetings ([of the players), I was probably in my room ordering room service. I don't go to those meetings," Samuels explained.
"A lot of meetings were kept but I have no time for those meetings. My focus was just on playing some cricket."
West Indies players walked out on the tour following the fourth ODI, with the scheduled fifth ODI in Kolkata, a Twenty20 in Cuttack and a three-Test series still to be played.
Samuels, who was selected for the tour of India after missing out on Bangladesh's recent tour of the Caribbean, said he was prepared to play the remaining games.
The West Indies Cricket Board is facing a major fall-out from the players' decision, with the Indian cricket board (BCCI) planning a multi-million lawsuit over losses and also suspending future bilateral tours between the two countries.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Most Popular

Nation on song- the increasing bandwidthUpdated: October 25, 2014 12:38 IST
Nation on song
Audience at Storm Festival. Photo: special arrangement
TOPICS
arts, culture and entertainment
From Kolkata to Coorg and Shillong to Shekawati it is raining independent music festivals as the lines between genres and languages blur. Apoorva Sripathi and Esther Elias tune into the phenomenon.
You’re a speck in a sea of 10,000 people. Rows of bodies bounce to the beat; roving lights wash over, and the cold winds of the open night sky sweep all around you. As power cans flash lightning on stage, the rumble of thunder strikes above. With every note of the double flute and sarangi rising up to the heavens, the clouds shower down torrents in return. After a day spent listening to 20 different artistes, across five stages and numerous genres, with skin now soaked in rain, sweat and the soul of spirited music, there’s little else in the world that really matters. Welcome to the spellbinding power of India’s indie music festival nights.
From the scattered few stages of a decade ago, today, nearly every metro and two-tier city in India has a music festival to its name. With veterans, such as the five-year-old, four-city strong NH7 Weekender and Bangalore’s decade-old Oktoberfest, and young ventures, such as Ziro in Arunachal Pradesh, Rajasthan’s Magnetic Fields, Coorg’s Storm, Ooty’s GoMAD, Chennai and Goa’s Sunburn, Mumbai’s Mahindra Blues Festival and over 30 others, it’s raining independant music festivals on the country, and the drizzle swells into a full-fledged monsoon as the year comes to a close.
A classic character of India’s major music festivals has been its multi-stage, multi-genre nature, where the bass pulsing off the electronica stage is just a hop away from the strains of someone’s guitar on the singer-songwriter stage. Modelled on the Glastonbury festival, the upcoming NH7 Weekender, for instance, features five genre stages with simultaneous acts that culminate at the ‘Arena’ for its headlining performance. It’s in creating that heady cocktail of a 100-artiste line-up — 70 per cent Indian acts (with fresh names each year or established ones with new material) and 30 per cent International performers — that Vijay Nair, founder of organisers Only Much Louder (OML), finds their biggest breakthrough.
“Festival curation is an art,” says Anup Kutty, co-founder of Ziro, a three-year-old indie festival in the grasslands and meadows of Ziro village in Arunachal Pradesh. Their just-concluded edition highlighted folk artistes and less-known singer-songwriters from across the country, including the Sajda sisters, singing songs from their homeland Bathinda, Punjab. They had flown for the first time ever for this festival, and ended up jamming with Kolkata producer and solo artiste Neel Adhikari. “Multi-genre festivals bring about a convergence of cultures. The lines between folk and indie, urban and rural, language barriers, all blur, and the focus shifts to just quality music.”
It’s precisely this sense of community across genres, and the possibility of collaborations, that draws artistes to such festivals. “It’s understood that festivals pay you half your artiste fee, given they bring so many performers to one stage, but for us, it’s the chance to see people you’ve only heard before, perform live, and discover young, fresh talent that makes it exciting,” says Rahul Ram, bassist for Indian Ocean, who’ve performed at Storm and GoMAD, and will stage their multi-collaborator new album Tandanu, live at NH7 this year.
For the Raghu Dixit Project, that experience of being discovered at a festival is all too precious. In 2007, at OML’s Big Chill festival in Goa, Raghu and his band of lungi-clad boys were an innocuous bunch playing to a hundred people at first. “By the gig’s close, over 3,000 had gathered; news of us had spread fast and wide by word of mouth and that was our first big break,” says Raghu. From flautist Shankar Tucker, to claw-hammer banjoist Abigail Washburn, many of Raghu’s collaborators have been people he’s bumped into, and struck a chord with, at festival backstages. “There’s so much to learn just by watching fellow artistes play too!” he adds. “These spaces also give you a clear sense of the latest creative boundaries independent artistes in the country are pushing,” says Sharath Narayan, vocalist for one-album-old band Black Letters. “For a young band, they let you reach exactly that clued-in audience you’re looking for!”
For how nascent India’s music festival culture is, audiences couldn’t be happier with how fast the scene has mushroomed. One offshoot has been niche festivals such as the EDM-only Sunburn festival that recently turned a Chennai resort into a dance floor, the Kasauli Rhythm and Blues Festival in Himachal Pradesh, and the Mahindra Blues Festival in Mumbai, to name a few. “Running a blues-only festival was quite a gamble,” says Owen Roncon, founder of Oranjuice and Fountainhead, which runs the Mahindra two-day show. “When we began, people considered the blues as ‘beggar music’, some old, black man somewhere crying about something.” Curating the festival has been about changing that perception by bringing in the best of International blues artistes, such as Zac Harmon and Jimmie Vaughan. Running full-house now for four years consecutively from Bandra’s Mehboob Studios, Owen says success has come from tailor-making the entire experience for both die-hard blues fan who come just for the music, and for those there just to “hang out”.
Most music festivals today are thus as much about their destinations, the vibe and atmosphere they exude, as the music. Take Storm for example. The three-year-old Bangalore-based festival actually began as a camping event that would initiate responsible tourism through promoting local, musical talent reveals Lavin Uthappa, festival director. A camping festival is certainly unique to India, especially because, as Lavin says, “we don’t respect Nature”, something Storm aims to change by “bringing people together to enjoy Nature. Think of it as a camaraderie-based event, replete with late-night barbeques and adventure sports!” Tourism is a mainstay for Magnetic Fields festival too, which unfolds within the palatial splendour of Alsisar Mahal in Rajasthan. Live through the expansive worlds of art and heritage while lolling around in Bedouin tents, take yoga lessons or lose yourself in treasure hunts, lounge around at kite-flying parties or art workshops, or even attend costume balls and secret parties. “When we sell a music festival, we don’t just talk about the music; it’s a three-day holiday in Rajasthan that is an experience in itself,” says Munbir Chawla, festival organiser.
Over time, festivals take on a character for themselves defined by the artistes and audience that frequent them, adds Vijay. While NH7 makes conscious efforts to keep the colour black out of its stage designs and signage, in keeping with its ‘happiest festival’ tag, and Ziro draws strict lines about its environmentally conscious model, it’s the attitudes of leisure and comfort that festival-goers bring to these venues that create their spirit of peacefulness. From a broad demographic of listeners in their 20s and 30s, festivals with an air of safety and security, now also cater to families that come with grandparents and kids in tow, each finding their own space of happiness at these festivals.
As business burgeons though, Rahul notes, that there is a tendency to exorbitantly price festival tickets, making the music needlessly elite. “It makes no sense to take the music away from the youth, who are our most ardent fans, and don’t have huge budgets!” Moreover, as the frequency of such festivals draws closer, the more often a line-up of ‘usual suspect’ artistes too repeats itself. Stories abound of festivals that have opened with great aplomb, but fallen in on themselves a year after birth, from poor planning, shoddy artiste management and few sponsors. Magnetic Fields, for instance, has no sponsors (they have private funding), and Munbir says that gives him “the freedom to do what we want and work with a specific vision, while Storm and Ziro enjoy Government sponsorship.” Anup explains: “It’s about finding a sustainable business model between your sponsorships, merchandise, stall rentals, and campaigns, which enables you to subsidise your tickets to reach the audience you want to. It boils down to your intentions, really. Over commerce, you have to believe in the festival itself, in great artistes, great music.”
A year in festivals
Storm
Where: Bangalore/Coorg
When: Usually takes place end of January-beginning of February. Storm 2015 is likely to be held between November-December.
USP: A full scale camp-out music festival in the middle of unspoilt natural beauty. Previous acts include Agam, Karsh Kale Collectiv, Indian Ocean, Anthony Daasan.
***
Where: Goa
When: December 27-29, 2014
USP: The country’s first and arguably most popular Electronic Dance Music festival for seven years now. The festival has also seen editions in other cities like Chennai, Mumbai, Delhi and Indore.
***
Where: Rajasthan
When: December 12-14, 2014
USP: A festival that takes place in a 17th Century palace in Shekawati, Rajasthan can only be exotic. So expect not just music but everything from yoga to costume balls and treasure hunts.
***
Where: Nasik
When: February 7-8, 2015
USP: Literally a heady mix of music, gourmet food and alcohol and add to it retail therapy as well. They added fashion to the mix this year.
***
Where: Bangalore
When: September every year
USP: For strict metal-heads only. This edition saw German thrash metallers Destruction, Greek extreme metal band Rotting Christ and Italian brutal death metal band Cadaver Mutilator and Bengaluru-based folk metal band The Down Troddence and thrash metal veterans Threinody.
***
Where: Jodhpur
When: October 23-27, 2015
USP: Reportedly, Sir Mick Jagger is an international patron of the festival that takes place at the Mehrangarh Fort and has folk music in its line-up. This year’s main stage events included a mix of blues, soul and Scotland’s foremost drummer James Mackintosh.
***
Where: Kolkata, Bangalore, Pune, Delhi
When: November 1-2, 8-9, 21-23, 29-30, 2014
USP: There’s five stages of music, from electronica to fusion, rock and acoustic singer-songwriter, stand-up comedy, dance, theatre… take your pick.
***
Where: Amby Valley City
When: December 19-21, 2014
USP: Three days, four stages, and over 25,000 people, with a focus on EDM, live bands, adventure and watersports, hot-air ballooning, a flea market, campfires, barbeques and live music all night.
***
Where: Ziro village, Arunachal Pradesh
When: September every year.
USP: Set in the pristine hills and valleys of the village of Ziro, a 14-hour journey from Guwahati, home to the Apatani agrarian tribe who are Animists, the festival blends the local culture with the best of singer-songwriters from across the country, besides nationwide folk acts aplenty.
***
Where: Mehboob Studios, Mumbai
When: February every year
USP: In its just-concluded fourth edition, Mahindra Blues brought home different kinds of blues from, the New Orleans and Chicago blues, to more young and contemporary varieties with Blues legends such as The Tedeschi Trucks Band, besides Indian acts such as the Soulmate duo from Shillong and Mumbai’s own Warren Mendonca of Blackstratblues.
***
Where: Vagator, Goa
When: February 20-21, 2015
USP: The festival rallies together bikers and musicians for two days featuring DJs, race tracks, live bands across three music stages, stunt and dance zones.
***
Where: Bangalore
When: October every year.
USP: The just-concluded tenth edition of this festival featured The Raghu Dixit Project, Benny Dayal and Funktuation, besides the Manganiyar Seduction, the Down Troddence, Thaikkudam Bridge and many more. Of course, food, games and great beer come with the three days of revelry.
***
Kasauli Rhythm and Blues Festival
Where: Kasauli, Himachal Pradesh
When: April 3-5, 2015
USP: Organised by the Genesis Foundation, this year’s edition of the festival was its third, and included 10 bands such as Bangalore-based Lagori, Shillong’s Soulmate, folk rockers Susmit Sen and Indus Creed.

Kaushal Srivastava is the new CBEC ChairmanKaushal Srivastava is the new CBEC Chairman
Our Bureau
Tweet
New Delhi, October 24:  
Kaushal Srivastava is set to become the new Chairman of the Central Board of Excise and Custom (CBEC), the apex policy making body of indirect taxes.
Srivastava, a 1978 batch Indian Revenue Service officer and senior-most in the board after the present chairperson, is at present Member (budget) with additional charge of computerisation and vigilance. He will replace JM Shanti Sundharam, who is retiring on October 31. Srivastava will remain at the top post till July next year when he turns 60, the official age of retirement.
All eyes are now on the appointment of new members in the board, which has a required strength of seven (Chairman and six members). However, two posts are lying vacant.
The appointment of members is critical, as the Finance Ministry has fixed a target of 25.8 per cent in the current fiscal over actual tax collection in 2013-14.
(This article was published on October 24, 2014)
Related

Diwali 2014 shows up air quality monitoring snafusDiwali 2014 shows up air quality monitoring snafus
Jaitley is top crorepati in PM Modi s CabinetFinance minister Arun Jaitley is top crorepati in PM Narendra Modi's Cabinet
Kumar Vikram        Last Updated: October 25, 2014  | 17:01 IST
Finance Minister  Arun Jaitley. Photo: PTI
If wealth be health, Prime Minister Narendra Modi's Council of Ministers is pretty much in the pink. Of the 44 members in Modi's ministerial team, no less than 41 or 91 per cent are crorepatis. This compares rather favourably with the United Progressive Alliance II's Council of Ministers, where 47 of 79 ministers just about 60 per cent were similarly wealthy.
Union Finance and Defence Minister Arun Jaitley is the richest minister of the National Democratic Alliance (NDA) government with assets totalling Rs 114.03 crore. It is Railway Minister D.V. Sadananda Gowda, however, whose assets have shown the greatest increase of Rs 10.46 crore since he took over as minister, from Rs 9.88 crore as declared in the Lok Sabha elections to Rs 20.35 crore now.
The wealth of Modi's ministers has been analysed by the Association for Democratic Reforms (ADR) and National Election Watch (NEW) by comparing the declarations filed for the Lok Sabha elections in May this year and those sent about five months later to the Prime Minister's Office (PMO). Declarations of 45 ministers, including Modi himself, have been thus analysed. Of the 45 ministers, 37 had contested the Lok Sabha elections in 2014 and eight are members of the Rajya Sabha.
Unlike the railway minister, Jaitley's assets have shown an increase of Rs.1.01 crore in the same period. Jaitley's assets rose in value from Rs 113.02 crore during the Lok Sabha polls to Rs 114.03 crore in the 2014 disclosure to the PMO.
He is fond of luxury cars and has declared ownership of high-end cars like a Porsche worth Rs 1.02 crore, and vehicles from Mercedes Benz and BMW among others. Gowda's growth is on the fast track primarily because he has acquired a commercial building worth Rs 13.49 lakh as well as a residential building worth Rs.11.65 crore.
Matter of assets
The average value of assets of Modi's Council of Ministers, according to the declarations on the PMO website, is Rs 14.32 crore. Following Jaitley on the rich list are Food Processing Minister Harsimrat Kaur Badal of the Shiromani Akali Dal (Rs.108.31 crore) and Minister of State (Independent Charge) for Power, Coal and New and New and Renewable Energy Piyush Goyal of the Bharatiya Janata Party (Rs 94.66 crore).
According to the ADR, many Union ministers including Gowda, Dr Harsh Vardhan, Ananth Kumar, Jitendra Kumar, Manoj Sinha, and Santosh Kumar Gangwar have not declared the value of their agricultural land in their declarations.
On the not-so-rich side, the least wealth has been declared by Sudarshan Bhagat of BJP (Rs 59.13 lakh) followed by Mansukhbhai Dhanjibhai Vasava of the BJP (Rs 65.71 lakh) and Ram Vilas Paswan of Lok Janashakti Party (Rs 95.71 lakh).
Among the ministers who contested the Lok Sabha 2014 elections, the highest increase in assets in five months has been shown by D.V. Sadananda Gowda of the BJP (Cabinet Minister for Railways). Gowda is followed by Minister of State (Independent Charge) for Heavy Industries and Public Enterprises Radhakrishnan P. of the BJP who has shown an increase of Rs 2.98 crore from the Rs 4.09 crore he declared in the Lok Sabha polls. The reason for the increase in the property of many ministers, including Radhakrishnan P. has been difficult to evaluate as some ministers have not declared the values of their assets in a comprehensive format.
The great dip
There are 16 ministers whose wealth has shrunk in the journey from the General Elections to the Council of Ministers. The greatest decrease is for External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj whose wealth has fallen by Rs 3.89 crore (from Rs 17.55 crore to Rs 13.65 crore). She is followed by Minister of State (Independent Charge) for Development of North-eastern Region Gen. (Retd) V.K. Singh of BJP who has declared a decrease of Rs 3.13 crore (from Rs 4.11 crore declared in the 2014 Lok Sabha elections to Rs 98.27 lakh declared in the disclosure to the PMO). The former Army chief is followed by Health and Family Welfare Minister Dr. Harsh Vardhan of BJP who has declared a decrease of Rs.1.28 crore (from Rs.2.82 crore declared in the 2014 Lok Sabha elections to Rs.1.54 crore in the disclosure to the PMO).
The declaration of assets by the ministers has been made according to the Code of Conduct issued by the Ministry of Home Affairs which makes it mandatory for every minister to disclose details of their assets and liabilities.
The 2009 UPA Council of Ministers had 47 crorepati members, of which 38 were from the Congress, five from the Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam, two from the Nationalist Congress Party, and one each from the National Conference and Trinamool Congress. NCP leader Praful Patel was the richest of the lot with assets worth Rs.89.9 crore.

LIVE: PM narendra modi takes stage for meeting withjournalistsPrint
The government is concerned by the surge in imports from China that has hit some of the domestic industries.
Written by Liz Mathew | New Delhi | Posted: October 25, 2014 11:32 am | Updated: October 26, 2014 3:54 pm
BJP president Amit Shah had staged it as a Diwali Milan with the media. And, true to the festive spirit of the occasion, there were sweets and sweetness all around — and Prime Minister Narendra Modi had nothing but praise for journalists, asking them to “keep spreading the light”.
In his first remarks to a media audience since he took charge five months ago, Modi recalled the “beautiful relationship” he had with the press when he worked as general secretary in Delhi and said that he was actively looking for a way to “deepen and broaden” that relationship.
These remarks, a conspicuous break from his past comments on the press, come when Modi has evolved his distinctive style of political communication, which involves going directly to his audiences, be it via social media on a daily basis, or through special events and occasions, such as his interaction with students nationwide on Teachers’ Day.
At Saturday’s function, he took no questions but in a short address — before he stepped down from the stage and went from table to table — he appeared more confident and sure vis-a-vis the media than ever.  “I used to arrange chairs here (BJP office) waiting for you (media). Those were different days when we used to interact freely. I had a beautiful relationship with you and it helped me in Gujarat,” Modi said.
Suggesting that he was aware of the distance he has kept from the media, Modi said: “I am looking for a way to deepen and broaden my relationship with the media. Some way will be found to make judicious use of my time with you. It is important to interact with the media directly rather than (only) through reportage and articles. By interacting directly, one gets to know things, (even those) which media persons cannot report. Not only does one get information but also vision, which is very valuable.”
He went on to praise the media for its coverage of the Swachch Bharat Abhiyan and said that it had force multiplied the effect of the mission. “The Prime Minister cannot pick up the broom alone. Media has converted its pen into a broom… This is a service to the nation. So far, cleaning up was considered the government’s duty alone, but it is the media that has made it a joint effort…I owe a deep debt to them.”
Modi said that although 80 per cent of the media coverage of the cleanliness mission carried critiques of the government, it had “awakened” the society and government.
Later, Modi, who was introduced by BJP national secretary Shrikant Sharma as “Yuva Hriday Samrat”, mingled with the reporters and TV anchors present. Many jostled to get continued…

Congress Minister resigns from Omar Abdullah ministryUpdated: October 25, 2014 12:04 IST
Congress Minister resigns from Omar Abdullah ministry
PTI
Sham Lal Sharma. File photo: Nissar Ahmad
TOPICS
state politics
Ahead of announcement of elections in Jammu and Kashmir, Congress Minister Sham Lal Sharma, who has been facing criticism over handling of recent floods, has tendered his resignation from the Omar Abdullah ministry.
Citing alleged sabotage of regularisation of daily wagers as a reason for tendering his resignation, Mr. Sharma, who is Minister for Public Health Engineering and Flood Control, met Jammu and Kashmir’s Congress Chief Saif—ud—din Soz last night and handed over his resignation.
“I have submitted my resignation to the Prof Saifuddin Soz as the Chief Minister is out of station,” Mr. Sharma told PTI.
Alleging sabotage by National Conference leader and Finance Minister Adul Rahim Rather in taking steps for regularisation of daily wagers in the state, Mr. Sharma said “it was intentional dilly—dallying tactics by the Minister for Finance Abdul Rahim Rather who is head of the Cabinet Sub—Committee on the regularisation of thousands of casual workers engaged from time to time since 1994.”
“Justice is being denied to such a large number of casual workers since 2009 when Cabinet Sub—Committee was constituted to look into the grievances of all sections of employees and workers,” he said.
In an attempt to play ‘Jammu card’, he claimed National Conference ministers were blocking the move because there were more daily wagers from Jammu region.
However, the charge was denied by National Conference as a “political stunt” ahead of announcement of elections in the state. “It’s a political stunt and this move has more to do with the internal dynamics of Congress party,” said National Conference’s Jammu province President Davinder Singh Rana.
Indicating that Sharma may be leaving Congress, Mr. Rana said “there is a possibility also that he may be nursing some other political ambitions.”
Mr. Sharma, an MLA from Akhnoor, was recently criticised by his own Congress Minister Taj Mohiuddin who alleged that the flood control minister had stopped dredging work in the Kashmir Valley which aggravated the flood situation.
Mr. Sharma, however, said he would continue to be in Congress.
“I have only resigned from the government and not from the Congress party. I was a Congress worker and will remain one,” he said.
Meanwhile, state Congress’s chief spokesman Farooq Renzu Shah has tendered his resignation to party president Sonia Gandhi, alleging that the “floods were fully mismanaged” by Mr. Sharma which led to “deliberate drowning” of Srinagar and South Kashmir.

Wild elephants hold up rail traffic  damage crops in APUpdated: October 25, 2014 12:22 IST
Wild elephants hold up rail traffic, damage crops in AP
K. Umashanker
File photo shows a herd of wild elephants that strayed into the Kuppam forest in Chittoor district of Andhra Pradesh from the Karnataka forest. Photo: K.V. Poornachandra Kumar
TOPICS
wildlife
A herd 18 elephants from the Tamil Nadu forests that crossed into Kuppam at 1.30 a.m. on Saturday caused disruption in rail traffic on the Chennai-Bangalore section.
The man-animal conflict in Kuppam -- the tri-State junction leading to Andhra Pradesh, Tamilnadu and Karnataka -- took a new turn in the small hours of Saturday when a herd of 18 wild elephants emerged on the railway track, holding up movement of trains for an hour. The elephants destroyed crops along the railway track.
The forest officials and locals said that the herd from the Tamil Nadu forests crossed into Kuppam at 1.30 a.m., and started moving along the railway track at Mallur, near Kuppam railway station. The forest officials contacted the railway officials and asked them to slow down the rail traffic on the Chennai-Bangalore section.
The Kaveri Express was halted for about 15 minutes, allowing the pachyderms to cross the tracks. A couple of goods trains also were held up on the section. The officials at Jollarpettai railway junction were also informed about the movement of elephants.
The forest officials said that by Saturday morning, a herd of 11-elephants were spotted at Balla near Kuppam on the AP side, while another group had crossed into Tamil Nadu. Damage of crops was reported at long stretches in Avulanattam, Pathichenu, Kusuru and Puligunda hamlets.
The Divisional Forest Officer (Chittoor West), T. Chakrapani, rushed to Kuppam in the early hours to monitor the situation. About 80 personnel of the department, including watchers, trackers and beat officers spread into the vulnerable villages.
A senior official told The Hindu that in case of emergency, steps would be taken to deploy wildlife management experts to tackle the elephants. The proximity of the herd to the human habitations is causing worry among the officials and villagers.

Dhoni buys Ranchi franchise of Hockey India LeagueDhoni buys Ranchi franchise of Hockey India League
Inbox by Gmail  your personal secretaryInbox by Gmail, your personal secretary
K V Kurmanath
Tweet
Hyderabad, Oct. 23:  
Gmail, the first point of reference to most of the netizens, has just launched ‘Inbox’, which promises to be your personal secretary. It picks flight schedules from your mail to pop up an alert with real-time information. It can even tell you whether a service provider is open or not, taking a cue from your to-do list.
“Inbox makes it easy to focus on your priorities by letting you add your own Reminders, from picking up the dry cleaning to giving your parents a call. No matter what you need to remember, your inbox becomes a centralized place to keep track of the things you need to get back to,” according to Sundar Pichai, Senior Vice-President, Android, Chrome and Apps.
It enhances the scope of the categorisation it made in the Gmail’s inbox. All your purchase receipts or bank statements are neatly grouped together so that you can quickly review and then swipe them out of the way.
Like it did with Gmail, digital media firm Google is offering this feature only on invitation for now. (You can send a request at inbox@google.com to get an invitation to get access to the new service.)
“We get more email now than ever, important information is buried inside messages, and our most important tasks can slip through the cracks-especially when we’re working on our phones. For many of us, dealing with email has become a daily chore that distracts from what we really need to do,” he said in Google blog, introducing the new service.
(This article was published on October 23, 2014)
Related

Column: Cleaning Ganga holisticallyE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

P1 GTR  from the drivers seatMcLaren P1 GTR, from the driver’s seat
By  Vijay Pattni
Read more about these links.
McLaren P1 GTR. (McLaren Automotive)
The new McLaren P1 GTR features a steering wheel inspired by the one on Lewis Hamilton's championship-winning 2008 MP4-23 Formula 1 car.
Related
McLaren’s new middle child
Proof enough then, that McLaren is quite serious about the business of making the P1 GTR the best driver's car in the world on track. What you see here are the first official pictures of its interior, and it's unsurprisingly quite Spartan.
First off, you should know that the P1 GTR is an even harder, more powerful version of the already quite powerful ‘standard' P1. Its combination of 3.8-litre twin-turbo V8 and electric motor now produces a whopping 986 horsepower, 83hp more than the ordinary P1.
McLaren P1 GTR. (McLaren Automotive)
The car is currently undergoing dynamic testing at "a range of international race circuits", and these first un-camo'd images show off the GTR’s Batmobile-like aerodynamic updates.
We also get a good look at the inside – and that wheel. As mentioned, it takes cues from the MP4-23, with the mode switches in the centre, DRS and IPAS buttons on the top corners, the engine start in the bottom right hand corner and a KITT-style ‘boost' button included too. All in, it looks bloody excellent.
McLaren P1 GTR. (McLaren Automotive)
There are lightweight DTM-style seats with six-point racing harnesses – specially set up for each individual driver – with a HANS-approved carbon fibre seat shell. And though it's pretty austere inside, there's still air-con, a sure necessity when piloting a near-1,000hp track racer weighing little more than a sports shoe.
Each P1 GTR owner will get a bespoke one-to-one driver programme to ‘optimise' his or her driving skill, at "the most iconic F1 circuits across the world".
Probably a wise move, considering just 30 are expected to be built, each costing somewhere in the region of £2 million (about $3.2m). Be afraid.
McLaren P1 GTR. (McLaren Automotive)
A version of this story appeared on TopGear.com .

Real  Barcelona set for titanic  Clasico  battleReal, Barcelona set for titanic 'Clasico' battle
By By Iain Rogers | Reuters –  Thu 23 Oct, 2014
Barcelona's Lionel Messi (R) and Neymar celebrate a goal against Eibar during …
By Iain Rogers
MADRID (Reuters) - Clashes between Real Madrid and Barcelona are rarely short on drama and Saturday's La Liga 'Clasico' may have more than its usual share with Luis Suarez poised to return from a biting ban and Barca team mate Lionel Messi on the brink of equalling the top-flight scoring record.
Watched by millions around the world, meetings between the European heavyweights have, over the years, showcased the spectacular talents of the game's best, while occasionally being marred by ugly controversy.
The matches are also played out against the background of national politics and the latest edition has an added edge given the ongoing battle between the central government in Madrid and the Catalan administration in Barcelona over the region's independence drive.
It is not for nothing that a recent book chronicling the Real-Barca rivalry by Spanish soccer specialist Sid Lowe was entitled 'Fear and Loathing in La Liga'.
Those who have graced the 'Clasico' over the years include Real greats Alfredo Di Stefano, Ferenc Puskas and Raul and Barca legends Ladislao Kubala, Cesar Rodriguez and Diego Maradona, while the current crop of players boasts multiple Ballon d'Or winners Cristiano Ronaldo and Messi.
The unseemly side of one of the biggest fixtures in club soccer has seen Barca fans toss the head of a suckling pig at Real midfielder Figo -- who left Barca to join their arch rivals -- and his Portuguese compatriot Jose Mourinho, at the time in charge at Real, poking Barca assistant coach Tito Vilanova in the eye during a mass brawl.
Saturday's game at the Bernabeu, the 169th La Liga meeting between the world's richest clubs by income, is unlikely to produce incidents of similar magnitude and Barca will be hoping Suarez and Messi make headlines for the right reasons.
Suarez's four-month ban for biting an opponent at the World Cup expires on Friday and the Uruguay forward could make his official Barca debut in a formidable three-pronged attack with Messi and Neymar.
Messi, meanwhile, is one goal short of the Liga scoring record of 251, set six decades ago by Telmo Zarra, and the 27-year-old Argentina captain is the leading scorer in 'Clasicos' with 21 goals in all competitions, two more than Di Stefano.
Barca midfielder Ivan Rakitic, who joined from Sevilla in the close season and could feature in his first Real-Barca game, summed up what taking part in a 'Clasico' means to a player.
"I dreamed about it as a child but now I don't want to dream about it I want to experience it," Rakitic said in an interview with Spanish television broadcaster Gol Television this week.
"I used to watch them at home with my wife as a football fan because it's a match in which the world's best players clash," added the Croatia international.
"Hopefully I won't have to watch it on TV again because I want to experience it on the pitch."
EARLY-SEASON WOBBLE
After an early-season wobble, Real have been on scintillating form in recent weeks and Ronaldo has netted a jaw-dropping 15 goals in seven La Liga outings.
Messi and Neymar have also been typically prolific, with the Argentine on seven goals and the Brazilian on eight.
A win for leaders Barca, who have yet to concede a goal in eight La Liga matches this term and won both fixtures last season, would stretch their advantage over third-placed Real to seven points.
Real are likely to be without Wales winger and record signing Gareth Bale, who has a buttock muscle strain and missed the Liverpool game, while Spain centre back Sergio Ramos has been sidelined by a calf injury.
"We're in good form and in good shape, focused and playing really well," Real coach Carlo Ancelotti said after Wednesday's 3-0 Champions League success at Liverpool.
"We go into the Clasico in great shape and Barcelona also go into the match in ideal condition."
The stage is set then for another titanic battle when there will be far more than a mere three points in the La Liga title race at stake.
(Editing by Sudipto Ganguly)

Wall Street advances on earningsWall Street advances on earnings
Reuters
Tweet
NEW YORK, Oct 24:  
U.S. stocks advanced on Friday, as earnings from Microsoft and Procter & Gamble coupled with easing concerns over the possible spread of Ebola in the United States helped put the S&P on track to snap a four-week losing skid.
Microsoft was up 1.7 per cent at $45.91, after it reported higher-than-expected quarterly revenue while keeping its profit margins largely intact.
Fellow Dow component Procter & Gamble gained 2.7 per cent to $85.49 and was also one of the biggest boosts to the S&P 500, after the world's largest household products maker posted quarterly results and said it would split its Duracell battery business into a separate company.
But Amazon plunged 8.1 per cent to $287.74 as the biggest drag on both the S&P 500 and Nasdaq 100 after the online retailer's sales projections for the crucial holiday quarter disappointed Wall Street and third-quarter results missed forecasts.
According to Thomson Reuters data through Friday morning, of 205 companies in the S&P 500 that have reported earnings, 69.8 per cent have topped analyst's expectations, above the 63 per cent rate since 1994 and the 67 per cent rate for the past four quarters. On the revenue side, 59.8 per cent have beaten expectations, slightly below the 61 per cent rate since 2002 but above the 58 per cent rate for the past four quarters.
The S&P 500 is up 3.7 percent for the week, putting the index on track for its best week since the start of 2013, boosted largely by solid corporate earnings reports. The benchmark index is down 2.7 per cent from its record high set on Sept. 18 as it slumped more than 7 per cent during the four-week drop.
Investors continued to monitor developments on the Ebola virus. The doctor being treated for Ebola in a New York City hospital is in stable condition, the city's health commissioner said on Friday, while the World Health Organization set out plans for speeding up development and deployment of experimental Ebola vaccines.
"The management of the Ebola virus has given the market some confidence that they can move forward and focus on what pricing is really predicated upon - earnings and data - and in both cases they have been very constructive," said Peter Kenny, chief market strategist at Clearpool Group in New York.
At 1:10 PM the Dow Jones industrial average rose 71.53 points, or 0.43 per cent, to 16,749.43, the S&P 500 gained 6.2 points, or 0.32 per cent, to 1,957.02 and the Nasdaq Composite added 9.38 points, or 0.21 per cent, to 4,462.17.
Sales of new U.S. single-family homes rose to a six-year high in September, up 0.2 per cent to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 467,000 units.
The largest percentage gainer on the S&P 500 was Edwards Lifesciences, which rose 10.8 per cent, while the largest decliner was Amazon.
The benchmark S&P 500 index was posting 32 new 52-week highs and 2 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite was recording 42 new highs and 37 new lows.
(This article was published on October 24, 2014)
Related

2 dead  3 injured in school shooting near SeattleMARYSVILLE, Washington, October 25, 2014
Updated: October 25, 2014 05:32 IST
2 dead, 3 injured in school shooting near Seattle
AP
Tweet
AP
This image made from a video shows emergency personnel responding after reports of a shooting at Marysville-Pilchuck High School in Marysville, Washington
TOPICS
murder
A student walked into his Seattle-area high school cafeteria on Friday and without shouting or arguing, opened fire, killing one person and shooting several others in the head before turning the gun on himself, officials and witnesses said.
Students said the gunman, who authorities have not identified, was staring at students as he shot them inside the cafeteria at Marysville-Pilchuck High School. As students heard the gunshots, they described a chaotic scene as many ran out of the cafeteria and building to safety while others were told to stay put inside classrooms.
The shooter was a student at the school north of Seattle, but Marysville Police Commander Robb Lamoureux said he could not provide more information on the gunman or his motive. Lamoureux said the gunman died of a self-inflicted wound.
Three of the people who were shot had head wounds and were in critical condition, two at Providence Everett medical center and one at Harborview Medical Center in Seattle. Another victim, a 14-year-old male student, was listed in serious condition at Harborview as well, the hospital said.
Witnesses described the gunman as methodical as he entered the cafeteria.
Student Alan Perez was eating his lunch at a nearby table when he heard the gunshots. “He had a little gun in his hand. I saw the flash from the muzzle,” he told KING-TV.
Another student, Austin Taylor, told the station the shooter “was just staring down every one of his victims as he shot them.”
Senior Jayden Eugenio, 17, was in the library when a fire alarm went off, then someone came over the intercom and said shots had been fired and that students should stay inside.
“I was shaking, you would never believe this would happen in your school,” he said.
Outside the school, students started streaming out of the building, with some trying to jump a fence to get away, witnesses said.
Cedar Parker, a 17-year-old senior, said he was driving away from campus when the shooting happened. He let several students into his car as he heard others yelling for their friends- “Where are you?”
A crowd of parents waited in a parking lot outside a nearby church where they were being reunited with their children. Buses pulled up periodically to drop off students evacuated from the school, with some running to hug their mothers or fathers.
Another shooting occurred June 5 in the metro area at Seattle Pacific University, where a gunman killed one student and wounded two others.

Shah Rukh:  Happy New Year  is about  how to be a winnerShah Rukh Khan says 'Happy New Year' is also about 'how to be a winner'
Screen | Mumbai | Published:  Oct 25 2014, 08:21  IST
Oct 25 2014, 08:21  IST
 

49 days vs 5 years: Can AAP sell a new  improved Arvind Kejriwal49 days vs 5 years: can aap sell a new  improved arvind kejriwal
Vigilance books 14 including NMCH medical superintendent in drugscamPrint
Written by Santosh Singh | Patna | Posted: October 25, 2014 10:53 am | Updated: October 25, 2014 12:25 pm
Vigilance Investigation Bureau (VIB) of Bihar government booked 14 people including then medical superintendent of Patna-based Nalanda Medical College and Hospital (NMCH) in multi-crore drug scam that took place between 2008 and 2010 under Nitish Kumar-led NDA rule.
The scam pertained to purchase of medicines, medical equipment and chemicals by NMCH authorities on inflated rates as detected by departmental inquiry committee in 2010 itself. The matter was later referred to VIB that yesterday lodged cases for forgery and criminal conspiracy and also for engaging in corrupt practices after detailed primary investigation, a standard process before filing FIR in such cases.
Vigilance Superintendent of Police Ajit Kumar, who has been appointed investigation officer of the case, said those included in the FIR are then NMCH MS NK Yadav, then anaesthesia department head AK Vatsyayan, pharmacists Dhanushdhari Prasad Singh and Sudhanshu Kumar Singh, accountant Sheshnarayan Prasad Singh, clerks Shyam Narayan Prasad and Dasrath Prasad, MS’ PA Rahul Kumar and six medicine and equipment suppliers. Though the VIB’s primary investigation suggested irregularities worth Rs 1.6 Cr, the scam amount can be much bigger, said VIB sources.
Principal Secretary, health, Deepak Kumar said: “VIB has now lodged the case and will ensure they had a strong case”.

Pak court frees suspect in US journalist Daniel Pearl s beheading casePak court frees suspect in US journalist Daniel Pearl s beheading case
Villagers attack policemen in BirbhumVillagers attack policemen in Birbhum
Gold  Silver & Bullion : Gold futures edge higher as dollar weakensGold  Silver & Bullion : Gold futures edge higher as dollar weakens
Washington State School Shooting: 2 Dead  4 Hurt; Shooter was Angry about Failed RelationshipWashington State School Shooting: 2 Dead  4 Hurt; Shooter was Angry about Failed Relationship
Ebola.com domain sold for $200 000Ebola.com domain sold for $200 000
LIVE: In short address to journalists  PM Modi thanks media for coverage of Swachh BharatAbhiyanPrint
The government is concerned by the surge in imports from China that has hit some of the domestic industries.
Written by Liz Mathew | New Delhi | Posted: October 25, 2014 11:32 am | Updated: October 26, 2014 3:54 pm
BJP president Amit Shah had staged it as a Diwali Milan with the media. And, true to the festive spirit of the occasion, there were sweets and sweetness all around — and Prime Minister Narendra Modi had nothing but praise for journalists, asking them to “keep spreading the light”.
In his first remarks to a media audience since he took charge five months ago, Modi recalled the “beautiful relationship” he had with the press when he worked as general secretary in Delhi and said that he was actively looking for a way to “deepen and broaden” that relationship.
These remarks, a conspicuous break from his past comments on the press, come when Modi has evolved his distinctive style of political communication, which involves going directly to his audiences, be it via social media on a daily basis, or through special events and occasions, such as his interaction with students nationwide on Teachers’ Day.
At Saturday’s function, he took no questions but in a short address — before he stepped down from the stage and went from table to table — he appeared more confident and sure vis-a-vis the media than ever.  “I used to arrange chairs here (BJP office) waiting for you (media). Those were different days when we used to interact freely. I had a beautiful relationship with you and it helped me in Gujarat,” Modi said.
Suggesting that he was aware of the distance he has kept from the media, Modi said: “I am looking for a way to deepen and broaden my relationship with the media. Some way will be found to make judicious use of my time with you. It is important to interact with the media directly rather than (only) through reportage and articles. By interacting directly, one gets to know things, (even those) which media persons cannot report. Not only does one get information but also vision, which is very valuable.”
He went on to praise the media for its coverage of the Swachch Bharat Abhiyan and said that it had force multiplied the effect of the mission. “The Prime Minister cannot pick up the broom alone. Media has converted its pen into a broom… This is a service to the nation. So far, cleaning up was considered the government’s duty alone, but it is the media that has made it a joint effort…I owe a deep debt to them.”
Modi said that although 80 per cent of the media coverage of the cleanliness mission carried critiques of the government, it had “awakened” the society and government.
Later, Modi, who was introduced by BJP national secretary Shrikant Sharma as “Yuva Hriday Samrat”, mingled with the reporters and TV anchors present. Many jostled to get continued…

Two dead in Washington high school shootingTwo dead, four wounded after student opens fire at Washington state school
By By Eric M. Johnson and Victoria Cavaliere | Reuters –  Sat 25 Oct, 2014
Shooting at Washington State high school
By Eric M. Johnson and Victoria Cavaliere
MARYSVILLE Wash. (Reuters) - A student opened fire in the cafeteria of his Washington state high school on Friday, killing a classmate and wounding at least four others before taking his own life amid the chaos of students scrambling to safety, authorities said.
All of the victims of the shooting at Marysville-Pilchuck High School were young people, and three were in critical condition with gunshot wounds to the head, said Joanne Roberts, chief of medicine at Providence Regional Medical Center in Everett.
The fourth wounded victim suffered less serious injuries in the gunfire and had been transferred to Harborview Medical Center in Seattle. A spokeswoman for that hospital said the young man was in serious condition.
Two of the wounded were male and two female, hospital officials said.
"At this point, we are confirming that there are two deceased,” Marysville Police Commander Robb Lamoureux told reporters. Marysville is about 30 miles (50 km) north of Seattle.
Police said the shooter died of a self-inflicted gunshot wound.
Authorities said they did not yet know what may have motivated the assailant and declined to release the suspect's identity.
Witnesses described the gunman as a well-liked freshman and member of the school's wrestling and football teams. They said he walked into the school's cafeteria at lunchtime and opened fire at a table of classmates.
"He came up from behind and had a gun in his hand and he fired about eight bullets into backs of them. They were his friends so it wasn't just random," student Jordan Luton told CNN, adding that the gunman fired several more shots.
"Then he turned and looked at me and my girlfriend ... and kind of gave us a smirk and turned around and then shot more bullets outside," Luton said.
Local television stations showed images of students running from school buildings, crossing a sports field with their hands in the air as officers with rifles ran across the school yard. They were taken to a nearby church by bus.
At the church, 15-year-old 10th-grader Gladis Jimenez said she heard two large pops during her fifth period class and then saw classmates frantically running.
"I heard these two big noises, and I see kids running and they looked so scared. Then the fire alarm went off and we thought it was a fire," Jimenez told Reuters. "We lined up to go the auditorium and then they said no, go back and we were just running and running back and forth."
She said she ultimately sheltered with classmates in a classroom and a student's mother told him via text message what was happening.
The violence at Marysville-Pilchuck High School marked the latest in a series of deadly rampages at American schools that have played a central role in a national debate over gun laws.
In 2012, a 20-year-old gunman entered Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, Connecticut, and killed 20 children and six adults before taking his own life in one of the deadliest mass shootings in U.S. history.
(Additional reporting by Ian Simpson in Washington, D.C., Sharon Bernstein in Sacramento and Alex Dobuzinskis and Dan Whitcomb in Los Angeles; Writing by Dan Whitcomb; Editing by Mohammad Zargham)
Recommend

PM interacts with media; thanks journalists for support in  Swachh Bharat  missionPM interacts with media; thanks journalists for support in  Swachh Bharat  mission
India s finance minister favors interest rate cut: paperIndia s finance minister favors interest rate cut: paper
Before PM visit  govt begins work on Nepal power pactsPrint
The plan is to develop a 900 MW hydropower project in Nepal.
Written by Anil Sasi | New Delhi | Posted: October 18, 2014 1:19 am | Updated: October 18, 2014 10:21 am
A crucial pact that would pave the way for the setting up of a 900 MW hydropower project in Nepal is likely to be inked during Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s upcoming visit to Kathmandu in the last week of October.
Power secretary PK Sinha is slated to travel to Nepal early next week to finalise the project development agreement (PDA) for the 900 MW Arun III hydroelectric power project as a precursor to Modi’s visit to Kathmandu for the SAARC summit. The signing of the PDA for the Rs 5,139 crore project (2010 price levels) to be developed by state owned SJVN Ltd, which is being seen as a defining step in the consolidation of the power sector cooperation between the two countries, would set the ball rolling on the next two stages of project development — inking of the power purchase agreement and the financial closure.
Earlier, on September 17, a PDA had been signed between the Nepalese government and the GMR group for the development of the first project off the block — the 900 MW Upper Karnali hydroelectric project. The signing of the PDA for this project followed a landmark Power Trade Agreement signed on September 4 between the governments of Nepal and India, an overarching agreement that allows market access to developers of hydro power projects in Nepal to sell and buy electricity in India.
The pact, which also facilitates the use of the Indian transmission system to sell to third country such as Bangladesh, has considerably improved the power trade scenario and has broken the ice on energy sector between India and Nepal.
Alongside these two, the detailed project report for the 5,600 MW Pancheshwar power station — the biggest hydro project in the subcontinent that has been under discussion for decades, is likely to see some definitive progress. A consultant has already been appointed for this and is expected to wrap up the DPR in consultation with the Nepalese authorities.
“Clean energy is the way to future and the focus is to ensure that the slide in the share of hydroelectric power generation in India’s energy mix is arrested, including through international cooperation,” an official privy to the development said. Modi has already done a bilateral visit to Nepal, but the upcoming Saarc visit is being viewed as a crucial as India is expected to push the agenda to revive the regional cooperation in line with Modi’s neighbourhood focus.

High efficiency solar plant near Chennai to begin production in a monthHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
High efficiency solar plant near Chennai to begin production in a month
M Ramesh
Tweet
Chennai, Oct 21:  
The manufacturing facilities of Nano-PV Voltech Solar, a joint venture between the US-based Nano-PV and the Voltech group of Chennai, will be inaugurated in a month’s time — luckily coincident with the company getting its first order from another joint venture of the Voltech group in Zambia.
The Voltech group has been manufacturing electrical equipment — a range of products such as transformers, relays and switchgears. (It has nothing to do with Voltec Solar based in Alsace, France.) Last year, it had formed a joint venture with Nano-PV, a company founded in the US by an Indian-American Anna Selvan John.
John claims very high efficiency of the crystalline solar cells produced by Nano-PV technology – the cells are said to be capable of converting 21 per cent of the sun’s energy falling them into electricity, a high number in the solar business. The uniqueness of the technology is that the crystalline silicon wafers have a thin film coat of amorphous silicon on them.
A joint venture of the Voltech group with a Zambian company called Goldberg Associates was announced today.
The joint venture would put up a 10-MW solar plant near Lusaka, the capital of Zambia, and will sell the electricity to the state-owned distribution company at a tariff equivalent to Rs 12 for the next 20 years. Solar panels for the plant will go from NanoPV Voltech Solar, Chairman of the Voltech group, M Umapathi, said.
(This article was published on October 21, 2014)
Related

J&K minister Sham Lal Sharma resigns ahead of assembly pollsPrint
Written by Arun Sharma | Jammu | Posted: October 25, 2014 12:45 pm
Ahead of the announcement of assembly polls schedule in Jammu and Kashmir by the Election Commission, bickering have erupted in Omar Abdullah led National Conference-Congress coalition government with its Minister for Public Health Engineering, Irrigation and Flood Control, Sham Lal Sharma, quitting office accusing it of dilly-dallying regularization of 62,000 casual workers working in various departments including the Public Health Engineering (PHE) for the last one decade.
To discuss the situation and formulate the party strategy, state Congress president Prof Saifuddin Soz has called a meeting of all the party ministers in the evening. Sharma, who has submitted his resignation from Omar Abdullah cabinet, is a Congress legislator from Akhnoor and he is known as firebrand party leader.
Significantly, the trouble has erupted by Chief Minister Omar Abdullah is away to London. However, it is seen as a Congress move to strengthen its support base by pressurizing state government take an early decision on the matter ahead of the assembly elections as its six-year term is expiring in early January next year. Even behind the recent state government’s decision finalizing economic package for refugees from Pakistan occupied Kashmir, sources said that Sharma supported by some Congress ministers had played a key role as these people were settled in Jammu region where Congress have a main stakes.
Giving details, sources said that a cabinet sub-committee headed by Finance Minister A R Rather was constituted way back in 2009 to settle the issues of government employees who had been agitating for one or the other demand from time to time. However, while the sub-committee settled all the issues concerning employees including Sixth Pay Commission, the matter pertaining to the regularization of these casual workers remained unattended.
These workers have been working on a paltry sum between Rs 900 – 1,500 per month, which is far less than even the minimum wages fixed by state government itself. After state government imposed a blanket ban on appointment of daily wagers in 1994, these people were engaged by different departments under different names like “casual workers’’, “need based’’ etc.
“Of these 62,000 people, an over 23,000 work in PHE Department alone, ’’ Sharma said, adding that 80 per cent of the works of the department were being performed by these workers only. However, in the absence of any specific policy for their regularization, they were being made to work on a paltry sum which was less than even the minimum wages fixed by state government, he regretted.
To settle the issue of these workers, the government revived the cabinet sub-committee this year and the latter at its meeting last week unanimously agreed to the regularization of all the 62,000 workers in a phased manner within a period of 120 months (ten years). All its members including Finance Minister A R Rather signed the proposal and decided to send it to the General Administration Department headed by Chief Minister for final approval. The other ministers in the sub-committee including PHE Minister Sham Lal Sharma, Urban Development and Urban Local Bodies Minister Nawang continued…

In short address  PM Modi thanks media for coverage of Swachh Bharat AbhiyanPrint
The government is concerned by the surge in imports from China that has hit some of the domestic industries.
Written by Liz Mathew | New Delhi | Posted: October 25, 2014 11:32 am | Updated: October 26, 2014 3:54 pm
BJP president Amit Shah had staged it as a Diwali Milan with the media. And, true to the festive spirit of the occasion, there were sweets and sweetness all around — and Prime Minister Narendra Modi had nothing but praise for journalists, asking them to “keep spreading the light”.
In his first remarks to a media audience since he took charge five months ago, Modi recalled the “beautiful relationship” he had with the press when he worked as general secretary in Delhi and said that he was actively looking for a way to “deepen and broaden” that relationship.
These remarks, a conspicuous break from his past comments on the press, come when Modi has evolved his distinctive style of political communication, which involves going directly to his audiences, be it via social media on a daily basis, or through special events and occasions, such as his interaction with students nationwide on Teachers’ Day.
At Saturday’s function, he took no questions but in a short address — before he stepped down from the stage and went from table to table — he appeared more confident and sure vis-a-vis the media than ever.  “I used to arrange chairs here (BJP office) waiting for you (media). Those were different days when we used to interact freely. I had a beautiful relationship with you and it helped me in Gujarat,” Modi said.
Suggesting that he was aware of the distance he has kept from the media, Modi said: “I am looking for a way to deepen and broaden my relationship with the media. Some way will be found to make judicious use of my time with you. It is important to interact with the media directly rather than (only) through reportage and articles. By interacting directly, one gets to know things, (even those) which media persons cannot report. Not only does one get information but also vision, which is very valuable.”
He went on to praise the media for its coverage of the Swachch Bharat Abhiyan and said that it had force multiplied the effect of the mission. “The Prime Minister cannot pick up the broom alone. Media has converted its pen into a broom… This is a service to the nation. So far, cleaning up was considered the government’s duty alone, but it is the media that has made it a joint effort…I owe a deep debt to them.”
Modi said that although 80 per cent of the media coverage of the cleanliness mission carried critiques of the government, it had “awakened” the society and government.
Later, Modi, who was introduced by BJP national secretary Shrikant Sharma as “Yuva Hriday Samrat”, mingled with the reporters and TV anchors present. Many jostled to get continued…

All you wanted to know about: Muhurat TradingA weekly column that puts the fun into learning
October 20, 2014:  
Indian stock brokers, intermediaries and investors celebrate Diwali in a special way — through the Muhurat trading session. This special trading is held for an hour or so on Diwali night so that investors can do ritualistic trading in the stock market. Even as Indian markets have moved away from the trading ring and investors are no longer predominantly Indian, this tradition continues. This year stock exchanges will host ‘Muhurat Trading’ on 23 October. The NSE has announced a special 75-minute session on the evening of Diwali.
What is it?
Muhurat, according to the Hindu lexicon, means ‘an auspicious time’ decided by planetary movements. So what better way to ward off those evil losses in the stock market? Trading in the stock market on Diwali day at a specific Muhurat time is hence believed to bring prosperity and wealth for the year ahead.
For Gujaratis and Marwaris, the new financial year begins on Diwali. Old account books are closed and new ones are opened as the new ‘Samvat’ begins. Since in India, stock markets are dominated by these two communities, Diwali has a special place in the markets. It is a festive occasion when the family members of stock brokers join the prayers held in the broker’s office. The first token order, that is usually a ‘buy’, is then punched in. As Diwali is also the time when the goddess of wealth is worshipped, what better place to offer your prayers to the goddess than the terminal?
Why is it important?
The Muhurat session is important only if you are religious and superstitious. Else, you can switch your trading terminals off and burst crackers instead. That might be more fun.
For, Muhurat trading sessions are generally quite insipid. If you are a newbie eager to make a beginning, you could do so on this day. Prices tend to be less volatile. But if you are a seasoned trader hoping to make a killing, volumes tend to be thin on this day, and it is quite likely that your trade might not go through in some stocks. Because of the bias towards buy orders rather than sell orders, markets have generally ended on a positive note on this day, though by a small margin. According to some reports, the Sensex has gained 71 per cent of the time since 1992, with a marginal gain of about one per cent.
Why should I care?
You cannot afford to ignore the Muhurat session if you hold stocks in your portfolio. Since the stock market is closed on Diwali day, stock prices tend to move in the Muhurat session to reflect the global and domestic news-flow. In recent years foreign investors too have been active in these sessions.
But do not be misled by promises of bountiful profits on investments made in this session. When picking a stock, make sure it is based on sound analysis and not driven by superstitious sentiment alone.
And don’t get carried away by the predictions that a good Muhurat session augurs well for the whole year. Historical data suggests that there is no definite correlation between returns on the day of Muhurat trading and subsequent movements in the market.
The bottomline
While it is great way to begin the new year with a cracker of a start, don’t get carried away by the fervour of the day. Make sure you invest smart, keeping in mind the longer term prospects of the stock.
(This article was published on October 20, 2014)
Related

Apple s iPhone sales help earnings beat estimatesChristina Farr and Edwin Chan     San Francisco   Last Updated: October 21, 2014  | 12:02 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Technology giant Apple forecast a strong holiday quarter after a better-than-expected 16 per cent jump in iPhone sales, and the strongest growth in Mac computer shipments in years helped the company surpass Wall Street's targets.
The company on Monday projected stronger-than-expected revenue of US $63.5 billion to US $66.5 billion in the December quarter, when new iPads and iPhones vie with rival devices from Microsoft and Amazon.com for consumers' holiday outlays.
However, sales of Apple's iPad, which helped launch the mainstream tablet market in 2010, slid for the third straight quarter. A gradual decline in tablet demand worldwide has worried investors already concerned with the US-based technology major's slowing growth, who are awaiting a new device that can energise its expansion.
Sales of Apple's tablet slid more than 7 per cent from the previous quarter to 12.3 million units, and were down 13 per cent from the same period a year ago.
Some investors hope that Apple's recently forged alliance with International Business Machines (IBM), intended to drive tablet and phone sales to corporate customers, may help reverse a decline in sales of the tablet device.
Chief Financial Officer Luca Maestri said in an interview that the pair of tech giants had already signed on 50 "foundational" or initial clients, and the two intend to introduce their first jointly designed software apps next month.
"The level of interest from the corporate world has been incredible," Maestri said.
WAX AND WANE
Apple's fortunes, however, still largely hinge on the iPhone, which accounts for half of its business, and the company's ability to again re-define markets with new technology gadgets. The Apple Watch, the company's entry in the nascent wearable tech category, will not hit stores till 2015.
Orders for the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus models began in September, helping Apple chalk up a 12.2 per cent jump in revenue in the previous quarter to US $42.12 billion, which beat the average expectation of US $39.9 billion of Wall Street analysts.
The latest models of the iPhone , which come in larger sizes and a heftier price tag, mark Apple's best product launch on record. The launch helped push overall smartphone sales for the company to 39.27 million in the September quarter, beating the roughly 38 million some on Wall Street had anticipated.
Maestri said in an interview that the new iPhones, which went on sale just last week in China, had already surpassed the previous-generation model in terms of volume.
The company also posted the strongest per centage growth in Mac sales, of 21 per cent to 5.5 million units, since the December quarter of 2011.
(Reuters)

Facebook goes retro with Rooms chat appFacebook goes retro with ‘Rooms’ chat app
PTI
Mark Zuckerberg, Founder & CEO, Facebook. The social media giant has launched an app that creates virtual 'rooms' where people can chat about whatever they wish using any name they would like.
San Francisco, Oct 24:  
Facebook today released an application that lets people create virtual “rooms” to chat about whatever they wish using any name they would like.
‘Rooms’ software introduced in the US and Britain for iPhone made its debut as Facebook tries to make peace with people unhappy that real identities are mandated for profiles at the world’s leading social network.
“One of the things our team loves most about the Internet is its potential to let us be whoever we want to be,” said a blog post from Facebook’s Creative Labs.
“That’s why in Rooms you can be ‘Wonder Woman’ — or whatever name makes you feel most comfortable and proud.”
Virtual rooms become home to feeds of pictures, videos, and text.
The application puts a smartphone spin on chat forums that were popular venues for online discourse in early Internet days.
“Forums, message boards and chatrooms were meeting places for people who didn’t necessarily share geographies or social connections, but had something in common,” the Creative Labs message noted.
The Rooms application was “inspired by both the ethos of these early Web communities and the capabilities of modern smartphones,” according to Facebook.
Rooms serve as virtual settings for photos, videos, and text posted in the spirit of taking part in a conversation about chosen topics. Those who create rooms can make participation invite-only or post public links to join.
Release of the application came just weeks after Facebook vowed to ease a “real names” policy that prompted drag queen performers to quit the social network and sparked wider protests in the gay community and beyond.
The huge social network apologised early this month in a bid to quell the simmering dispute over its enforcement of the policy.
(This article was published on October 24, 2014)
Related

Hedge fund insider trading: Raj Rajaratnam brother barred for 5 years in SEC dealHedge fund insider trading: Raj Rajaratnam brother barred for 5 years in SEC deal
Associated Press | Washington | Published:  Oct 24 2014, 16:04  IST
Oct 24 2014, 16:04  IST
 

From about Rs 9 lakh crore  mutual fund asset base can grow to Rs 20 lakh crore: SebiHome
Markets
From about Rs 9 lakh crore, mutual fund asset base can grow to Rs 20 lakh crore: Sebi
PTI | New Delhi | Updated:  Feb 19 2014, 14:54  IST
Feb 19 2014, 14:54  IST
 

Rajasthan to get $500-million ADB loan to improve urban servicesRajasthan to get $500-million ADB loan to improve urban services
Our Bureau
Better access: $250 million will be spent on improving water systems in Hanumangarh, Jhunjhunu, Pali, Sri Ganganagar, and Tonk. REUTERS
Further $3-million grant for capacity building as well as sanitation improvements
New Delhi, October 24:  
The Asian Development Bank (ADB) on Friday approved of two loans amounting to half a billion dollars, to help Rajasthan Government upgrade water and sewerage facilities and manage essential urban services.
“For the first time in India, we have coupled a policy loan to support urban sector reforms with a project loan for infrastructure development to ensure that improvements to urban services like water and wastewater can be maintained over the long term,” said Fei Yue, Director (South Asia Urban and Water Division), ADB.
Loan allocation
“Reliable urban services will improve health, the quality of life and ultimately, support economic growth in India’s towns and cities,” he added.
A $250-million policy loan will be used to finance the creation of a new State body to oversee urban services development and an independent utility to oversee water and wastewater operations in Jaipur.
Planned reforms include delegating such operations to municipal bodies and the rationalization of water tariffs and property tax to ensure a sustainable revenue stream for the institutions.
The other $250-million project loan will support water system improvements in five cities — Hanumangarh, Jhunjhunu, Pali, Sri Ganganagar, and Tonk.
Upgrades will include nearly 200,000 new house connections with proper metering to cut losses. Around a third of the connections will be in low-income households.
Upgrades planned
Additionally, the plan envisages upgrades in sewer pipelines and treatment plants in the five cities along with Bhilwara.
Wastewater recycling schemes are to be implemented and sludge used to generate electricity along with 24 hours water supply. The programme is expected to be completed by end-2019.
A further $1-million grant from ADB’s Technical Assistance Special Fund will finance capacity building in State institutions while an additional $2-million grant from the Sanitation Financing Partnership Trust Fund, supported by the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, will be used to finance sanitation improvements in non-sewer areas for low-income households in two of the cities.
(This article was published on October 24, 2014)
Related

Jet Airways COO Subodh Karnik quitsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

No need for e-auctionsA section of the Coal Ministry appears to be batting for some of the 74 cancelled blocks to be parcelled out to government firms
Kolkata, October 24:  
Three days after the Centre passed the Coal Mines (Special Provisions) Ordinance, 2014, a section in the Coal Ministry appears to be pushing for handing over cancelled coal blocks to Central/State government companies.
While 74 blocks were cleared for e-auction (of which 42 are operational and 32 in an advanced state of development), Section 5 of the ordinance on “allotment and allocation” gives the Centre the right to allot assets to a government company (if it is not in a joint venture with a private outfit) or to an Ultra Mega Power Project (on a competitive tariff bidding process).
A pitch note to this effect has been moved within the Coal Ministry. Sources said the Ministry is considering this route to ensure continuing coal production from some of the 74 mines, without attracting any further controversy.
Section 5 allows the allotment of blocks to State government-owned mining outfits and State-owned captive users with or without auction. However, the awardees are barred from transferring the asset to private companies.
Assessment of assets
In a parallel move, the Ministry has ordered detailed assessment of the intrinsic value of all the 74 assets and identification of a floor rate for auction, latest by November 10.
This is easier said than done, according to the sources. For, each of the mines is in different stages of production or development. Any assessment, therefore, has to be asset specific and will require both paperwork as well as physical verification.
Meanwhile, the Ministry is yet to deliberate on ways to protect the interests of the earlier allottees of these 74 assets; most have invested in end-use plants based on an allotment process that has now been struck down by the apex court as illegal or arbitrary.
The country currently produces nearly 40 million tonnes of coal through captive sources.
A substantial portion of the captive mining capacity is attributed to different Jindal outfits, including former Congress MP and industrialist Naveen Jindal’s JSPL group.
(This article was published on October 24, 2014)
Related

Military defends its Ebola precautions as stricter than CDCsBy Dan Lamothe October 24 Follow @danlamothe
Air force Tech. Sgt. Saquadrea Crosby gets fitted for an N95 respirator by Airman 1st Class Aaron Gonzalez on Oct. 17 at Ramstein Air Base in Germany. As members of the 86th Airlift Wing continue to support missions for the U.S. military’s involvement in the fight to prevent the spread of the Ebola virus, medical personnel who are expected to interact with troops returning from affected areas in Africa will be fitted for the respirators. (Photo by Staff Sgt. Sara Keller/U.S. Air Force)
Defense officials sought Friday to reassure Congress that the protocols it has put in place to keep the Ebola virus away from U.S. troops who deploy to affected areas are good enough, saying they exceed what disease control experts recommend.
Marine Maj. Gen. James Lariviere, a member of the Pentagon’s Joint Staff, told the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform that the Defense Department protocols for dealing with the disease “exceed” the standard set by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. The current outbreak has killed about 5,000 people, according to the World Health Organization.
No U.S. troops will directly treat Ebola patients, but the Pentagon’s guidelines , released Oct. 10, call for troops who deploy to western Africa to monitor their temperature twice a day. Those who report potential exposure to the virus will be subject to additional evaluations by medical professional designated by the Defense Department.
In the 10 days before leaving Africa, commanders have the authority to keep troops in a controlled environment where they can receive additional monitoring. Once they have left Africa, individuals with no known exposure must continue to monitor their temperature for 21 days. Those who are removed from Africa due to an elevated exposure risk must be quarantined for 21 days for closer monitoring.
Lariviere was asked by Rep. Michael Turner (R.-Ohio) whether it was sufficient for the Pentagon merely to allow, rather than require, 10 days of isolation before forces redeploy home. He cited the new Ebola case in New York City , in which Craig Spencer, a doctor who treated patients in Guinea, did not show symptoms until 11 days after leaving Africa.
“Isn’t your 10 days too short?” Turner asked.
A. U.S. Marine Corps MV-22B Osprey lands near Buchanan, Liberia, on Oct. 18 (Photo by Pfc. Craig Philbrick/U.S. Army Africa)
The general responded that the 10-day period was not to determine whether troops have the virus, but to limit their possibility of exposure to it in the last days before they return home.
“Once they have flown back to their unit in the United States they will begin a 21-day monitoring period where they will be required to come into the unit twice a day for medical checks by U.S. military medical personnel at their unit, where they will have their temperature taken and looked in the eye by a medical professional to see how they are doing, ” Lariviere said. “That will take place for 21 days back in the — back in the rear area to ensure that they do not become infected. They will never be more than 12 hours from possibly spiking a fever.”
The comments came a few days after Gen. Martin Dempsey, chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, released a video with an obvious goal: Speaking directly to his troops to reassure them that those who deploy in support of the U.S. effort to stop the spread of the Ebola virus will be OK.
“While our mission in west Africa will not include direct patient care, the safety and health of the men and women of our joint force and their families remains of the greatest importance to me and the Joint Chiefs,” Dempsey said. “We’re making sure that the men and women who deploy are provided with the right training and the proper protective equipment. We have ensured that the highest medical and safety protocols are in place before, during and after deployment.”
The Pentagon plans to deploy up to 4,000 U.S. troops to western Africa in Operation United Assistance. Defense officials have generally stressed that U.S. troops have little to no chance of being exposed to the virus while deployed, but even Dempsey was  questioned in an interview with CNN last week whether the virus could mutate to become airborne, rather than transmitted through contact with bodily fluids. Health professionals have said that is possible, but unlikely.
Already, about 100 Marines with a crisis-response unit based in Morón Air Base in Spain have arrived in the Liberian capital of Monrovia to assist, as has the general who will oversee the mission in coming months — Maj. Gen. Gary Volesky of the Army’s 101st Airborne Division.
The Army already has hundreds of soldiers on the ground in Liberia, and the Kentucky National Guard’s 123rd Contingency Response Group has taken an active role in setting up a staging base at Léopold Sédar Senghor International Airport in the Senegalese capital of Dakar, U.S. defense officials said . Other troops are building Ebola treatment units, and the Army recently set up “Blue Force Tracker” satellite coverage in the region to monitor its vehicles and provide messaging services.
James Knight and Ondraya Frick from the U.S. Army Medical Research Institute of Infectious Diseases train soldiers from the 101st Airborne Division on Oct. 9 on how to wear protective equipment that stops the spread of germs. REUTERS/Harrison McClary
The military also has increased its stream of flights into western Africa in recent days as part of the mission. Defense officials said that air crews that fly in and out within a few hours are below the CDC’s lowest exposure category, but will be required to monitor their own temperatures twice a day for 21 days when they return to their bases outside the region. U.S. military medical personnel who interact with returnees from Ebola-affected areas will be fitted with respirators to treat them, Air Force officials said . The CDC has recommended them for all health care workers who do so.
On Wednesday, the CDC said it would up its precautions for all travelers returning from affected areas for 21 days — similar to what the Defense Department already required for its troops. Lt. Col. Mark Cheadle, a spokesman for U.S. Africa Command, said the military would continue to use the same procedures for troops who have no known exposure to the virus regardless of which African country they work in.
“Please remember, our troops are not conducting their mission in high-risk areas,” Cheadle said in a statement. “Unit leadership, troop discipline and the reinforcement and checks by the chain of command are our best defense against the risk of this mission.”
Dan Lamothe covers national security for The Washington Post and anchors its military blog, Checkpoint.

Losses jump at Amazon  as investments pile upE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Cameron overreacts to a modest EU matterCameron’s overreaction to a modest EU matter
PM’s dispute with Brussels over a £1.7bn surcharge is unwarranted
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/653dbd88-5b76-11e4-a674-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sonakshi Sinha  brothers Luv and Kussh start production houseE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Google Inc puts Sunder Pichai in charge of major products  servicesE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Google executive makes record 135 000 feet skydive from edge of space  breaks sound barrierE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Make in India: US giant General Atomics scouting for local partners to make next-gen weaponsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

US doctor down with Ebola in stable conditionUS doctor down with Ebola in stable condition
PTI
Tweet
New York, Oct 24:  
An American doctor, who became the first person to be diagnosed with Ebola in New York, is in stable condition even as the mayor appealed to New Yorkers to remain calm reiterating the city’s preparedness to handle the deadly disease that has killed thousands in west Africa.
Craig Spencer, a 33-year-old doctor, remains “hospitalised in isolation” at the Bellevue Hospital here and is in “stable condition,” Commissioner of the NYC Health Department Mary Bassett told presspersons here today.
Mayor Bill de Blasio encouraged New Yorkers to go about their daily routines and said there is no reason to be alarmed with the emergence of the virus in the city.
“There is no reason for New Yorkers or visitors to be alarmed. Ebola is an extremely hard disease to contract. New Yorkers who have not been exposed to an infected person’s bodily fluids are not at risk. There is no reason for New Yorkers to change their daily routine in any way,” he said adding that Spencer is being held in isolation at Bellevue and “poses no threat to others”.
Three persons, including Spencer’s fiancee and two friends, were in contact with him during the days he returned from Guinea and was admitted to the hospital.
City officials said the three have been quarantined but are “well”.
The mayor, urging New Yorkers to get flu shots, said the city has been “training” for two-and-a-half months for a situation like this.
“The capacity of our medical community to address this issue is extraordinary,” he said, adding that the process undertaken to transfer Spencer from his apartment to the hospital “played out exactly as the protocol dictated”.
“We have the finest public health system in the world. We are fully prepared to handle Ebola,” the mayor said adding that Bellevue is “thoroughly prepared”.
The mayor reiterated that casual contact cannot lead to acquiring Ebola but urged New Yorkers to call the emergency system in case they begin displaying Ebola-like symptoms.
Bassett said that Spencer “valiantly” volunteered to work in Guinea and was feeling well and had no fever at the time he left Guinea on October 14.
Spencer arrived in New York on October 17 flying in at the JFK International Airport. He first reported having a fever of 100.3 degrees on Thursday and was immediately taken to the Bellevue hospital.
In the days since he returned to New York, Spencer was mostly confined alone in his apartment but did take the subway train to a bowling alley in Brooklyn. He later took a taxi ride to return home.
Bassett said Spencer’s apartment has been locked and “we don’t see any possibility that he contaminated his apartment“.
City officials are in constant contact with the Center for Disease Control and federal agencies would be monitoring any individual who has returned from west African nations most impacted by Ebola.
(This article was published on October 25, 2014)
Related

Budget session of Telangana Assembly from Nov 5Telangana budget session next month, likely to be stormy
V. Rishi Kumar
Telangana Chief Minister K. Chandrashekar Rao -- Nagara Gopal
Hyderabad, Oct 25:  
The maiden budget session of the Telangana Assembly to be convened from November 5 will provide an opportunity for the K Chandrasekhar Rao Government to outline the development agenda amidst several contentious inter-State issues.
A decision to convene the Assembly was finalised during the State Cabinet meeting on Friday evening.
The session being held after a couple of postponements, is also likely to be stormy as it comes at time when the two new States of Telangana and residual Andhra Pradesh have several inter-State issues that need to be resolved. Both the States do not see eye to eye on sharing of power, water resources, and fee reimbursement for students, among various other key concerns.
The State Chief Minister K Chandrasekhar Rao had constituted 14 taskforce teams to facilitate the budget-making process, outlining the Government agenda for the next five years. These taskforce teams were entrusted with the task of drawing up short-term, medium-term and long-term perspective plans, rather than drafting a Budget for the remaining part of the year.
The interim Budget to be presented by Finance Minister Etela Rajender will be the first budget for the new State. So far, the budget allocations have been based on a vote-on-account passed by the unified Andhra Pradesh Legislative Assembly before the general elections and division of the State.
During the recent Finance Commission meetings, the State has indicated that tax collections have not been in line with initial projections. There is also growing concern about small and medium companies registering their offices in AP, leading to loss of tax collection.
The opposition parties, the Congress and the Telugu Desam Party, are seeking to corner the Government, particularly with regard to the severe power crisis in the State. The session is likely to be stormy with the opposition gearing up to expose the State on its handling of farm sector issues and supply of power, where industries are faced with a two-day power holiday per week and domestic and commercial consumers are faced with huge power-cuts.
Among other issues that are likely to be taken up during the Budget session include the crop loan waiver estimated to be about Rs 20,000 crore. The task forces constituted have come up with their suggestions to ensure inclusive growth and are taking feedback from the grassroots level.
While the session focus would be on the budget and its proposals, the issues of power and water sharing between the two States will be among key areas where the opposition parties would like to corner the treasury benches.
(This article was published on October 25, 2014)
Related

Ebola.com domain sold for $220 000Ebola.com domain sold for $220,000
PTI
Tweet
Washington, Oct 25:  
The owners of the Web site Ebola.com have scored a big payday with the outbreak of the epidemic, selling the domain for more than $200,000 in cash and stock.
The deal highlights the rewards and risk of industry trading and speculating in domain names that see high interest following news events.
According to a securities filing, the buyer was a Russian-registered firm called Weed Growth Fund, previously known as Ovation Research.
The October 20 filing said the price was $50,000 cash and 19,192 shares of Cannabis Sativa worth close to $170,000, which promotes medical uses for marijuana.
The reasons for the sale were not clear but Cannabis Sativa chief and former New Mexico governor Gary Johnson has publicly said he thinks marijuana may be used to treat the deadly disease.
The seller was Nevada-based Blue String Ventures, which describes itself as an “Internet real estate investment and branding” company.
“If you are looking for a great name for your company, there’s an excellent chance we can help,” the company says on its Web site.
Some of its holdings have included Africanmango.com, Fukushima.com and RaspberryKetones.com.
The Ebola.com website contains articles offering facts and frequently asked questions about the disease, which has infected almost 10,000 people worldwide, killing nearly 4,900.
(This article was published on October 25, 2014)
Related

ICICI Lombard to seek minimal documents from cyclone-affected AP customersICICI Lombard to seek minimal documents from cyclone-affected AP customers
G Naga Sridhar
Tweet
Hyderabad, Oct 25:  
To provide speedy relief to those affected by cyclone Hudhud in Andhra Pradesh, ICICI Lombard is processing claims with minimum documentation.
The documents required for property insurance claims are a loss estimate with asset-wise break-up, surveyor’s assessment report, and AML/KYC documents as per RBI norms.
For motor vehicle claims, the company will require the claim form to process partial loss or vehicle damage claims. In cases where vehicles have suffered total damage or loss, a police FIR would also be necessary.
``We understand the hardship faced by our customers in this hour of need. We have also installed a hotline facility on our helpline number to provide immediate assistance to our customers,’’ Sanjay Datta, Chief – Underwriting & Claims, ICICI Lombard General Insurance, said in a release.
(This article was published on October 25, 2014)
Related

2 killed  4 injured in US school shooting2 killed, 4 injured in US school shooting
PTI
Tweet
Katelynn Janisko (left to right), 15, Rachel Cowan, 15, and Jamison Strickland, 15, light candles as students and community members attend a vigil at the Grove Church after the shooting at Marysville-Pilchuck High School in Marysville, Washington on Friday. A student fatally shot one classmate and wounded four others when he opened fire in the cafeteria of his Washington state high school on Friday, following a fight with fellow students, authorities said. The shooter took his own life as students scrambled to safety in the latest outburst of deadly violence at an American school. - Reuters
Washington, Oct 25:  
In yet another tragic shooting in a US school, a student opened fire in a school cafeteria, killing one student and critically injuring four others before taking his own life, police said.
The shooting occurred yesterday in the cafeteria of Marysville-Pilchuck High School, 55km north of Seattle in Washington State.
The shooter was identified as Jaylen Fryberg, who was recently named the school’s homecoming prince. He shot himself and died, the police said.
Eyewitness said the shooting began from the cafeteria.
Before turning the gun onto himself, Fryberg killed one girl student. Two other girls and two boys were wounded. The injured were taken to a nearby hospital.
The four injured, including two cousins of the gunman, were shot in the head, the BBC reported.
Zach Yarbrough, a junior, told the local Seattle Times that he saw the shooter “extend his arm across a round table and fire his gun three to four times.”
He watched the shootings but didn’t see what happened afterward because he “was already out of the cafeteria.”
One of the injured students, Jarron Webb, 15, said the shooter was angry about a romantic relationship he was involved in, and that the girl was one of the people shot.
He said he believes one of the victims was his friend since kindergarten, the daily reported.
According to CNN, the shooter used the gun of his father.
It is a “high capacity” weapon, the channel reported.
The school was locked down after the gunshots in the building, the school district said.
The FBI is sending its personnel to assist local officials in investigation.
This was the second shooting incident in a school in the region this year.
(This article was published on October 25, 2014)
Related

NLC contract workers call off strikeHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
NLC contract workers call off strike
PTI
Tweet
Chennai, Oct 25:  
Contract labourers of Neyveli Lignite Corporation decided to call off their 52-day-old strike on Friday night following an agreement with the management over their demands during tripartite talks held by the central labour department here.
Ten of the 11 trade unions spearheading the strike agreed to the proposal made by the management to increase the daily wages during the talks held in the presence of Deputy Chief Labour Commissioner (Central) K Kandasamy.
The workers numbering around 10,000 have been on strike since September 3 pressing various demands, including wage revision and several rounds of talks were held in Neyveli, Puducherry and Chennai before the breakthrough was achieved.
According to NLC General Manager (HR) N Balaji, from the present level of Rs 370 per day, the wages will be increased to Rs 480. It would be implemented in two instalments.
“Fifty per cent hike in the wages will be introduced effective next month, while another 50 per cent would be implemented in April 2015,” he told presspersons here.
The employees would also get a Deepavali bonus of Rs 10,000 in the coming days, he said.
Emerging from the meeting, union sources said the workers would join duty on Friday night itself.
While the 10 representing trade unions backed by several political parties accepted the proposal, Jeeva Thozhilalargal Sangam refused it and its further course of action would be decided later, Jeeva Thozhir Sangam sources said.
(This article was published on October 25, 2014)
Related

PM Narendra Modi meets journalists over tea in first major media outreachE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Real Madrid have Sergio Ramos back for clasico but Gareth Bale sits it outReal Madrid have Sergio Ramos back for clasico but Gareth Bale sits it out
J&K minister Sham Lal Sharma resigns ahead of assemblypollsPrint
Written by Arun Sharma | Jammu | Posted: October 25, 2014 12:45 pm
Ahead of the announcement of assembly polls schedule in Jammu and Kashmir by the Election Commission, bickering have erupted in Omar Abdullah led National Conference-Congress coalition government with its Minister for Public Health Engineering, Irrigation and Flood Control, Sham Lal Sharma, quitting office accusing it of dilly-dallying regularization of 62,000 casual workers working in various departments including the Public Health Engineering (PHE) for the last one decade.
To discuss the situation and formulate the party strategy, state Congress president Prof Saifuddin Soz has called a meeting of all the party ministers in the evening. Sharma, who has submitted his resignation from Omar Abdullah cabinet, is a Congress legislator from Akhnoor and he is known as firebrand party leader.
Significantly, the trouble has erupted by Chief Minister Omar Abdullah is away to London. However, it is seen as a Congress move to strengthen its support base by pressurizing state government take an early decision on the matter ahead of the assembly elections as its six-year term is expiring in early January next year. Even behind the recent state government’s decision finalizing economic package for refugees from Pakistan occupied Kashmir, sources said that Sharma supported by some Congress ministers had played a key role as these people were settled in Jammu region where Congress have a main stakes.
Giving details, sources said that a cabinet sub-committee headed by Finance Minister A R Rather was constituted way back in 2009 to settle the issues of government employees who had been agitating for one or the other demand from time to time. However, while the sub-committee settled all the issues concerning employees including Sixth Pay Commission, the matter pertaining to the regularization of these casual workers remained unattended.
These workers have been working on a paltry sum between Rs 900 – 1,500 per month, which is far less than even the minimum wages fixed by state government itself. After state government imposed a blanket ban on appointment of daily wagers in 1994, these people were engaged by different departments under different names like “casual workers’’, “need based’’ etc.
“Of these 62,000 people, an over 23,000 work in PHE Department alone, ’’ Sharma said, adding that 80 per cent of the works of the department were being performed by these workers only. However, in the absence of any specific policy for their regularization, they were being made to work on a paltry sum which was less than even the minimum wages fixed by state government, he regretted.
To settle the issue of these workers, the government revived the cabinet sub-committee this year and the latter at its meeting last week unanimously agreed to the regularization of all the 62,000 workers in a phased manner within a period of 120 months (ten years). All its members including Finance Minister A R Rather signed the proposal and decided to send it to the General Administration Department headed by Chief Minister for final approval. The other ministers in the sub-committee including PHE Minister Sham Lal Sharma, Urban Development and Urban Local Bodies Minister Nawang continued…

Modi takes tea  but no questions  in first press event as PMModi takes tea  but no questions  in first press event as PM
Wall Street week ahead: Energy sector to be crucialWall Street week ahead: Energy sector to be crucial
Omar says central aid for floods not enough for Kashmir; politicos reactOmar says central aid for floods not enough for Kashmir; politicos react
EC may declare poll dates for Jammu & Kashmir  Jharkhand todayEC may declare poll dates for Jammu & Kashmir  Jharkhand today
Digvijay Singh pulls up  helmetless  law breaker GadkariDigvijay Singh pulls up  helmetless  law breaker Gadkari
Finance Minister calls for interest rate cutsFinance Minister calls for interest rate cuts
Corporate : Mahindra Finance reports 6% fall in Q2 consolidated net profitCorporate : Mahindra Finance reports 6% fall in Q2 consolidated net profit
Ashok Leyland signs MoU with Bank of Maharashtra for vehicle financingAshok Leyland signs MoU with Bank of Maharashtra for vehicle financing
Washington School Shooting: 2 Dead  4 Hurt; Shooter had Failed RelationshipsWashington School Shooting: 2 Dead  4 Hurt; Shooter had Failed Relationships
Why cede Gandhiji s sanitation drive to any party Shashi TharoorE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Andhra Pradesh denying Telangana its share of electricity: KCRE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Arvind Kejriwal to approach Election Commission against BJPE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

New Alto K10 with auto gear shift in NovemberNew Alto K10 with auto gear shift to be launched in November
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 22, 2014  | 17:45 IST
With an eye on reviving growth in its bread and butter mini car segment, the country's largest car maker Maruti Suzuki India will launch a new version of its Alto K10 equipped with automated gear shift next month.
Maruti is positioning new car as a mass market product equipped with 'futuristic technology' to cater to "very demanding, value for money conscious customers".
It has been developed at a cost of Rs 200 crore on the existing platform of the model by its engineers along with counterparts at parent Suzuki Motor Corp in Japan.
"The Alto K10 is a very important product for us. Customers in this segment are very demanding. They expect a lot of features and are very value-for-money conscious. It has always been a challenge catering to them. So our effort has been to create the excitement with a futuristic offering," Maruti Suzuki India (MSI) Executive Director (Marketing and Sales) RS Kalsi told PTI.
After the Celerio, the Alto K10 will be the second model to be equipped with auto gear shift (ASG) feature.
"The convenience factor of the ASG with high fuel efficiency levels at affordable cost will definitely be attractive to entry level customers," he said.
Kalsi said while the petrol version delivers a mileage of 24.07 km per litre, the CNG variant will have a fuel economy of 32.26 km per kg.
It will have six different variants and the ASG option will be available only with the top end.
The company will announce the price of the new car at the time of launch in November. The existing Alto K10 is priced between Rs 3.15 lakh and Rs 3.31 lakh (ex-showroom Delhi).
The new Alto K10 is coming at a time when MSI's sales in the mini segment comprising Alto and WagonR witnessed 1.3 per cent decline in the April-September period this fiscal at 2,01,721 units as against 2,04,335 units in the year-ago period.
In September 2014, it stood at 35,547 units as against 41,061 in the same month last year, down 13.4 per cent.
When asked if the decline in mini segment sales has been a concern, Kalsi said: "Any such situation has to be of concern but we have grown at every level in the first half of the year. We will grow more than the industry this year."
He said the dip in the mini segment sales was mainly due to the stoppage of production of the existing Alto K10 in view of its upcoming replacement by the new version.
Launched in 2010, the Alto K10 has clocked cumulative sales of 4.3 lakh units in four years. The Alto brand overall, including the Alto 800, has sold 26 lakh units in 14 years since launch.

Economy to grow fastest in two years  finds pollRahul Karunakar and Ashrith Doddi     Bangalore   Last Updated: October 24, 2014  | 14:08 IST
The economy will likely grow at its fastest pace in two years in the current fiscal year as Prime Minister Narendra Modi implements reforms to attract investment, a Reuters poll of economists showed on Friday.
The after-glow from Modi's election victory earlier in the year helped India's economy clock a robust 5.7 per cent growth rate for the quarter ending in June.
The economy has just lumbered through the longest spell of below-5 per cent growth in a quarter of a century, but forecasts are now predicting that the slump has passed.
Hopes of reforms for economic revival from Modi have attracted foreign capital inflows - before the election in May until now - triggering a massive rally in the stock market, making it one of the best performers in Asia so far this year.
That optimism looks set to continue.
"The outlook is improving and that mostly reflects the fact that the new government has pledged to prioritise economic reforms. First we saw an improvement in sentiment and now it is translating to actual pick-up in activity," said Tuuli McCully, senior economist at Scotiabank.
"Obviously, we really need to see more (reforms). But as of now, I am encouraged by how things are moving."
Over the past month, Modi's government has stepped up economic reforms, opening up the coal industry to private investors and freeing diesel prices to market forces from government subsidies.
The latest Reuters poll of 20 economists taken over the past week shows Asia's third-largest economy will likely grow 5.5 percent this fiscal year and 6.4 per cent the next, slightly better than 5.3 per cent and 6.3 per cent expected in the July poll.
"India is transitioning away from stagflation conditions, and the much-needed combination of higher real rates, a more friendly investment environment and structural reforms appear to be slowly coming together," wrote Manoj Pradhan, an economist at Morgan Stanley.
However, without big-bang reforms to propel the economy back to a near double-digit growth, economists say, a broader and sustained economic revival will likely remain elusive.
Also, the global economy is showing signs of weakening and is expected to weigh on overseas demand for Indian merchandise.
Indeed, the economic outlook for two of India's biggest trading partners - China and the euro zone - has dimmed and is expected to drag on the global economy.
Consumer price inflation - the biggest challenge faced by the Reserve Bank of India - cooled to 6.46 percent last month, the lowest level since this series began in January 2012, from a revised 7.73 per cent in August.
But the poll showed consumer prices will average 7.5 per cent this fiscal year and ease to 7.0 per cent next year.
"Despite lower inflation prints and the fall in commodity prices, the communication from RBI suggests it will keep monetary policy restrictive in the near term to achieve medium-term price stability," wrote Rahul Bajoria, economist at Barclays.
The RBI is expected to keep its key repo rate steady at 8.0 percent well into next year, even as a separate Reuters poll in September showed the Sensex would keep setting record highs through to the end of 2015.
(Additional reporting by Deepti Govind and Sarmista Sen; Polling by Shaloo Shrivastava; Editing by Jacqueline Wong)

Congress frowns at write-up on Jawaharlal Nehru in RSSjournalThe Editor of the weekly, however, stood by the article and stoutly refuted Congress' allegations. (Source: Kesari journal/screen grab)
By: Press Trust of India | Posted: October 25, 2014 1:30 pm | Updated: October 25, 2014 1:44 pm
Congress in Kerala has expressed strong resentment against an article carried by RSS journal ‘Kesari’ allegedly running down India’s first Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru.
On getting a complaint seeking action from KPCC General Secretary Sooranad Rajasekharan, state Home Minister Ramesh Chennithala has asked DGP K S Balasubraniam to examine the issue and take action, if necessary.
The Editor of the weekly, however, stood by the article and stoutly refuted Congress’ allegations.
The article by BJP state committee member B Gopalakrishnan said, “actually Nehru was responsible for the partition of the country and other tragedies including Gandhi’s assassination.”
The write-up also said Nehru was a “selfish” leader who concealed important facts from Gandhi on the partition and eventually kept him away from the final round of discussions.
Taking strong exception to the article, KPCC president V M Sudheeran said this was yet another attempt of the Sangh Parivar to distort history and denigrate Nehru.
Reacting to the charges, Editor of Kesari N R Madhu said this was a sheer distortion of facts by the Congress leaders with political motives.
“This is not for the first time we are criticising Nehru’s policies and approaches to vital issues including the partition. But nowhere the article has even remotely suggested that Nehru should have been physically targeted,” Madhu told PTI.
He said this was a ploy by the Congress leaders to show that they were more vehement in opposing the RSS and the BJP than the CPI-M.
“The CPI-M has been accusing the Congress of being soft towards the RSS after the Oommen Chandy government decided to go in for a CBI inquiry into the murder of the Sangh activist Elamthottathil Manoj at Kathirur in Kannur district. Now, the Congress wants to blunt this criticism by seizing and distorting facts,” Madhu claimed.

PMO to monitor Swachh Bharat Mission onlineNEW DELHI, October 25, 2014
Updated: December 6, 2014 10:34 IST
PMO to monitor Swachh Bharat Mission online
Special Correspondent
PTI
Boxer Mary Kom at a cleanliness drive as part of “Swachh Bharat Abhiyan” in Imphal on Friday.
TOPICS
government
The Union Urban Development Ministry is putting together a management information systems (MIS) that will enable the Prime Minister’s Office to monitor various activities under the Swachh Bharat Mission.
A senior Ministry official said the user-friendly MIS would enable 24x7 monitoring of the mission’s progress. As per plan, all States and 4,041 urban habitations covered under the mission would regularly upload information on the progress of work regarding construction of household, public and community toilets along with solid waste management and awareness generation activities.
To empower urban local bodies (ULBs), the Ministry will enable online submission of proposals and approvals of various projects under the mission.
Electronic submission of utilisation certificates and release of funds for speedy implementation of works will also be started.
The Ministry will finalise guidelines for the implementation of the Rs. 67,000-crore mission in urban areas under which over one crore household toilets, besides over five lakh public and community toilet seats will be constructed by 2019. Solid waste management facilities will also be put in place to benefit over 30 crore urban people.

Another feather in his capUpdated: October 25, 2014 14:28 IST
Another feather in his cap
T. V. Sivanandan
Gulbarga
Progressive farmer from Gulbarga district has developed a device to segregate three-phase and single-phase power
For this progressive farmer, lack of education is not a hindrance to coming up with innovative ideas. He has developed a cost-effective device to segregate three-phase and single-phase power in rural areas. The device, according to him, is easy to install and handle.
Sharanabasappa P. Patil, the farmer from Hal Sultanpur, has won the Krishi Pandit award for introducing innovations in agricultural practices. He was instrumental in bringing down the cost of installing solar-powered fence for farmlands by more than 50 per cent by using locally available material. He has also introduced the concept of tap irrigation for horticultural crops.
Mr. Patil told The Hindu here that the segregator, configured by him using locally available instruments, can be installed in transformers. The government, which spends crores of rupees to draw separate lines under the Nirantara Jyothi scheme, could save a lot of money and time by installing this segregator, he said.
Managing Director of Gulbarga Electricity Supply Company (Gescom) M. Mahadev said under the scheme, segregation of three-phase lines was taken up in 344 feeders in his jurisdiction at a cost of Rs. 440 crore. He told The Hindu that segregation taken up three years ago was completed in 160 feeders. The work was yet to begin in 40 feeders and it was in the advanced stage of completion in the remaining feeders.
When told about Mr. Patil’s device, , Mr. Mahadev said if the farmer came forward to share the technology and allow Gescom to test its efficacy, it could be used.
Cost
Mr. Patil said the cost of the device for using in a 100-kV transformer would be around Rs. 20,000.

TCS Q2 PAT up 13.6% at Rs 5 244.3 crSave this video
Copy URL
The IT major said that sales for the second quarter of the current financial year stood at Rs 23,816 crore versus Rs 22,111 crore QoQ. The TCS board also approved merger of company with CMC.
55

Out-of-patience investors sell offAmazonFor years, Amazon's strategy has been spending the money it makes to grow and expand into new areas. (AP)
By: AP | New York | Posted: October 25, 2014 1:40 pm
Amazon has long acted like an ideal customer on its own website: a freewheeling big spender with no worries about balancing a checkbook. Investors confident in founder and CEO Jeff Bezos’ invest-and-expand strategy flooded into the stock as the company revolutionized shopping, upended the book industry and took on the cloud – even though its vast range of initiatives ate up all the company’s profits.
After all, when Amazon.com filed for its IPO 17 years ago, it was very clear: the company would post losses for the ”foreseeable future” while it invested in the business to drive bigger and bigger sales. Stockholders seemed to like playing Bezos’ long game: shares more than quadrupled between 2010 and 2014 to over $400 apiece.
Lately, they’ve lost a little patience.
After the Seattle company on Thursday reported a huge third-quarter loss and issued a disappointing holiday forecast, the stock sold off by nearly 10 percent. It’s now lost 28 percent of its value since the beginning of the year, closing at $287.06 Friday.
Daniel Morgan, a Synovus Trust portfolio manager, invests in Amazon. He has no current plans to sell, but he knows Wall Street investors and analysts ”tend to have very little patience; they don’t really want to hear a long-term story.”
What they want are answers. Particularly when there’s now another e-commerce powerhouse to invest in: Chinese e-commerce player Alibaba, which went public in September in a $25 billion initial public offering, the largest ever.
”Frankly, we believe it’s impossible to predict Amazon’s profitability during this prolonged `investment cycle’, but profit metrics are clearly moving in the wrong direction and it’s a fair question to ask, does Amazon have too many `balls in the air’?” said Wells Fargo analyst Matt Nemer.
”I’ve been wondering, and I think a lot of investors have this question as well, in terms of when things don’t go as anticipated in some of the bigger projects where there’s not a revenue stream… what’s the process for determining whether to plow ahead or turn back capital and redeploy it in other areas?” Stifel Nicolaus analyst Scott Devitt pressed on Amazon’s earnings call Thursday night.
CFO Tom Szkutak defended the company’s strategy but admitted Amazon needs to pick-and-choose its projects.
”We certainly have been in several years now of what I will call in investment mode,” he said on the call. ”There’s still lots of opportunity in front of us but we know that we have to be very selective about which opportunities we pursue. ”
For years, Amazon’s strategy has been spending the money it makes to grow and expand into new areas. It launched a smartphone, the Fire, this summer and has been offering a set-top video-streaming device, a streaming video service and several tablets and e-book readers. continued…

Cheaper oil actually hits oil PSUmarginsPrint
New Delhi | Posted: October 25, 2014 2:09 pm
All’s not well with India’s PSU oil companies despite the spate of good news that greeted them recently like the diesel price deregulation, fresh roll-out of cash transfer scheme for LPG subsidy, a big fall in global crude oil prices and forecasts of subdued oil prices in the near term. Having stocked up considerable inventories of refined products over the last 15-20 days, the three PSU companies — Indian Oil Corporation, Bharat Petroleum Corporation and Hindustan Petroleum Corporation — are staring at the prospect of their margins coming under pressure in the short term.
Click here for graph
This is because there’s usually a time lag of 30-45 days between crude oil purchases (payments) and the same being fed to the refineries. Crude oil purchased at relatively higher prices — a couple of months ago, the Indian basket of crude ruled at 12% higher — were used to create the present inventories but the firms can now sell them only at the current (reduced) prices, leading to a squeeze on margins.
Sources from oil companies told FE that their gross refining margin (GRM) in the September quarter is expected to be lower than that in the first quarter on the back of weak product cracks (differential between prices of crude oil and products) and mild distillate segment (see table).
Thanks primarily to the government’s decision to link the price of diesel to the market, OMC stocks have gained since Friday last — the share prices of HPCL, BPCL and IOC rose 5.1%, 3.35% and 0.51%, respectively, over the past week.
“Crude oil prices falling continuously has a negative impact for refinery margins. This is because there is a gap of 30-45 days from procurement of crude oil to conversion into products,” said a director of refineries at one of the PSU firms, who did not wish to be identified. A stable crude oil price can help in bettering GRMs, he added.
The Indian crude basket has dropped 12.3% or $11.73 a barrel to $83.61 per barrel on Thursday from $95.34 a barrel on September 30. “We do not have a mechanism where prices are changed on a day-to-day basis. There would be an impact (on margins) depending on the inventories,” Indian Oil Corporation chairman B Ashok told FE.
Emkay Global Financial Services estimates the second-quarter GRMs of IOC to be hover around $2 per barrel; BPCL at $3 per barrel; and HPCL at $1.80 per barrel. “Sequentially, we expect weak GRMs on the back of weak product cracks in light and mid distillate segment,” said a note from Emkay Global.
The benchmark Brent crude fell oil to around $86 a barrel on Friday after a confirmed case of Ebola in New York raised fears that travel restrictions could trim jet fuel demand, and poor economic growth expectations weighed on projected oil demand. Fluctuations in the global price of crude oil are expected to remain for a while. A Reuters poll released on Friday said that economists anticipate subdued growth in China and the euro zone continued…

Indian  Chinese firms leading tech billionairelistPrint
By: PTI | Singapore | Posted: October 25, 2014 1:58 pm
Indian and Chinese technology entrepreneurs were leading the top 10 Asian tech billionaire list with USD 136 billion net assets, according to an industry source and recent market data.
India was represented by three entrepreneurs with combined net worth of USD 40.65 billion while China led with five businessmen with assets worth USD 67.1 billion.
The eight tech magnates from India and China have replaced Japanese and Koreans in the usually bullish stock list, the source said.
Indian representation in the list is expected to grow in value following the recent joining of businessman Niraj Goel’s Singapore Innovation League which is investing into technology start-ups, said the source.
Singapore-based Non-Indian Resident Goel has assets worth USD 12.95 billion from various businesses and has excelled by developing and using artificial intelligence in the technology sector, the source said.
Goel, who has been working in Singapore since 2000, is the youngest tech billionaire at 45 and ranked sixth on the list.
Wipro’s Azim Premji with net worth of USD 16 billion is third on the list and HCL’s Nadar Shiv with USD 11.7 billion at seventh.
Topping the list is Jack Ma of Alibaba, an e-commerce company in China, with a net worth of USD 20.8 billion.
Japan is represented by Masayoshi Son with net worth of USD 16.8 billion from various tech-listed companies and South Korea Samsung’s Lee Kun Hee with USD 11.4 billion. Son is rated second in the list and Lee eighth.

Arvind Kejriwal to approach EC againstBJPKejriwal alleged that BJP has promised Rs 1500 for 'one fake vote' and Rs 200 to get any 'vote for AAP' deleted. (Source: PTI photo)
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: October 25, 2014 2:18 pm
Accusing BJP of trying to get voters’ list fudged in Delhi, Aam Aadmi Party chief Arvind Kejriwal on Saturday said it would lodge a complaint with the Election Commission.
He alleged that BJP has promised Rs 1500 for “one fake vote” and Rs 200 to get any “vote for AAP” deleted.
“A top BJP leader has directed all Delhi BJP MLAs to get at least 5000 fake votes made in each constituency and get AAP votes deleted.
Bribe rate is Rs 1500 for new fake vote, Rs 200 to get any vote deleted. This information was given by someone who did this job for BJP last week.
“We are meeting EC officials on Monday at 11 AM and making a formal complaint,” Kejriwal said on Twitter.
Delhi has been under President’s rule since Kejriwal resigned as Chief Minister on February 14.
In the assembly elections held last year, BJP had won 31 seats in the 70-member house while the AAP emerged victorious in 28 seats.

US giant General Atomics scouting for Indian partners to make next-gen weaponsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Media has remove perception that govt is responsible for everything: PM Narendra ModiE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Huawei Honor 6 Review:ImpressivePrint
The Huawei Honor 6 is a good buy at Rs 19,990.
Written by Debashis Sarkar | New Delhi | Posted: October 25, 2014 2:42 pm | Updated: November 11, 2014 6:17 pm
It seems Chinese telecom equipment manufacturer, Huawei, has finally got a break in the price sensitive Indian smartphone market with its flagship Honor 6 smartphone. Huawei had launched its Honor 6 smartphone on Flipkart on October 6 and stated that the handset has generated faster sales than any of its predecessors in the country. Also, the company has been trying to make the Indian consumers realise that it is the third largest smartphone brand in the world and it should be honoured for that. But then should we honour it? We check out.
Quick specs: 5-inch Full HD display (445 ppi) | 1.3 GHz octa-core Hi Silicon Kirin 920 processor | 3 GB RAM | 16 GB internal memory (up to 64 GB expandable) | 13 MP rear camera | 5 MP front camera| Android 4.4.2 KitKat OS | Emotion 2.3 UI | 4G ready | 3100 mAh battery
Price: Rs 19,990 (Earphones are not included)
Design: It’s a good looking smartphone. The overall look of the phone seems to be inspired by the older iPhones, however, Huawei has taken care to pay attention to minor detailing. The glass back and plastic sides may give an impression that the device is frail but the third generation Corning Glass protection assures strength. The build quality is good and the device feels solid in hands.
Display: Sharp and crisp. The 5-inch Full HD screen does its best. The viewing angles are decent. The display performs well under sunlight as well. Users shouldn’t have any complains with the display quality of the smartphone.
Performance: Huawei Honor 6 promises a lot on paper and it even delivers. An octa-core processor with 3 GB RAM is enough to attract any smartphone buyer. But the hardware does a good job in the most demanding situations. I did not encounter any sort of lags. Also, the phone doesn’t heat up much.
Software: The device runs on Android 4.4.2 KitKat operating system and is sugar-coated with Huawei’s Emotion 2.3 UI. Overall, the experience is good and the UI offers some handy customisations as well.
Camera: The 13 MP rear camera is decent if not great. However, there is certain amount of noise in the images even in good lighting conditions. The front 5 MP camera produced surprisingly good results. Overall, it is fast, colours are nearly accurate and average users shouldn’t have much to complain.
Storage: The device offers 16 GB of internal storage out of which around 11 GB is available. The memory can be further expanded up to 64 GB via microSD card.
Battery: Excellent battery life at this price. The smartphone will easily last up to two days in normal usage. I was using 3G along with WiFi, played few HD games and the device lasted for over 32 hours even at maximum brightness. Battery life is one of the areas that will even impress the power users.
Connectivity: The smartphone supports 4G networks. In front of connectivity, I witnessed no issues at all.
Verdict: In the Rs 20,000 range, the Huawei Honor 6 is a good buy. Users will be impressed with the design, performance and battery life of the device.

Shashi Tharoor launches Swachh Bharat Mission in hisconstituencyInaugurating the cleanliness drive, Tharoor reiterated his earlier stand that Swacch Bharat is the dream of Gandhiji. (Source: IE)
Written by Shaju Philip | Thiruvananthapuram | Posted: October 25, 2014 2:32 pm | Updated: October 25, 2014 7:31 pm
Disregarding the opposition he had faced for having supported the Prime Minister’s Swachh Bharat Mission, Congress MP Shashi Tharoor launched a cleanliness drive in his constituency here on Saturday.
Inaugurating the cleanliness drive at Vizhinjam coast, a part of his Thiruvananthapuram constituency, Tharoor reiterated his earlier stand that Swacch Bharat Mission is the dream of Gandhiji.
Ten days back, Tharoor was removed as party spokesman after Congress state leadership sought action against him.
“As a Congress worker, I would not leave the swacch of the country to any other party. Swachh Bharat is not the monopoly of anyone. It is the dream of Gandhiji. I would implement the cleanliness drive in my constituency. Whatever be the politics, let the country is virtuous. Every Indian should strive to clean his country. Nobody is going to ask about the politics of a person who engages himself in a cleanliness drive,” said Tharoor.
Before my actions today are distorted: a clean India requires no label. Why cede Gandhiji's sanitation drive to any party? A national cause.
— Shashi Tharoor (@ShashiTharoor) October 25, 2014
Tharoor spent around one hour in the sanitation drive, which was participated by Congress leaders and local people in Vizhinjam mandalam. He went around picking garbage from public places in the company of local party workers and his aides.
Later he tweeted, ” a clean India requires on label. Why cede Gandhiji’s sanitation drive to any party. A national cause,” he said.
If @PMOIndia is sincere about #SwachhBharat , I have a project to clean up the Parvathy Puthenaar canal in Tvm which will need 100s of crores
— Shashi Tharoor (@ShashiTharoor) October 25, 2014
Congress state leadership had been critical of Tharoor acknowledging Modi’s invitation to join Swachch Bharat mission.
Reacting to Saturday’s cleanliness drive, party spokesman Ajay Tharayil said the it was meant to get media attention.

Fitness mantra: rain readyhealth
Neeraj Mehta on staying healthy during the monsoon.
The monsoon brings relief after the long sweltering summer but a host of health issues also tend to follow in its wake. Pools of stagnant water lead to diseases like malaria, dengue and leptospirosis. Dehydration is another problem in the rainy season, as most people forget the need to drink water. And the rain is no reason to let up on your exercise.
If you can’t get to the gym, ensure you get a good workout at home. Here’s what you can do to challenge your muscles:
Just 30 minutes of cycling or treadmill improves cardio endurance and brain functioning. In case you want a change, try jumping rope, spot run, squats and lunges. All this improves blood flow and also helps tone the muscles. Push-ups, free squats, abdominal crunches etc. can be done anywhere as long as you have a good exercise mat.
For flexibility, try yoga; specifically surya namaskar, trikonasana, matsyasana and bhujangasana.
For strength training, invest in a pair of dumbbells (depending on your fitness level) and an adjustable bench, which won’t take up much space. Then you can follow your routine.
To add a fun element, put on some music and try zumba, salsa, step aerobics or any other dance moves.
Pilates is another very good monsoon workout as it needs little space and can be done anywhere.
Failing all this, climbing stairs (20 minutes) is an excellent workout to increase endurance and weight loss. But make sure your posture and movements are right so that you avoid injuries.
In all of the above, remember to learn the right moves so you don’t injure yourself.
What you eat during the monsoon is as important as exercise. Here are a few food-related tips.
Eat a lot of fresh fruits, like bananas, peach, plums, apples, pear, pomegranates, which have antioxidants but avoid the ones that have been cut and sold. Enjoy herbal drinks made of ginger, honey, mint, pepper, basil, etc. These have antibacterial properties.
Add soups to your diet. These help in the case of a sore throat and also help fill you up without too many calories.
Green leafy vegetables tend to have germs and insects, so avoid them unless you are sure they have been thoroughly washed.
Avoid carbonated drinks because they can cause acidity and indigestion.
Chutneys and other such food may be made of contaminated water. So avoid all of them unless you are sure that all the ingredients are pure.
Also avoid seafood, which can cause a stomach infection.
The writer is a fitness expert, nutritionist and director, GFFI Fitness Academy.
neeraj.gffi@hotmail.com

Aditya Birla Group announces JV with S.African firmAditya Birla Group announces JV with S.African firm
PTI     Johannesburg   Last Updated: October 24, 2014  | 16:48 IST
Kumar Mangalam Birla, chairman of Aditya Birla Group.
Aditya Birla Group has announced a joint venture with a South African insurance giant to enter India's huge health insurance market.
ABG's financial services division has signed a memorandum of understanding with MMI holdings Limited, in which the South African company will hold 26 per cent stake, which will be upped to 49 per cent once India's regulatory regime allows this.
The transaction is subjected to execution of the respective legal agreements and obtaining the required regulatory approvals, MMI said.
"Health Insurance has low penetration levels in India. Given ABFSG's focus on building a retail presence across products, we foresee a huge potential to target the requirements of untapped customers and their families," said Ajay Srinivasan, Chief Executive Financial Services of Aditya Birla Group, in a statement.
MMI chief executive officer Nicolaas Kruger said the company would initially target the "ideal" client base of 20 million in India's larger cities, where health insurance penetration was less than 3 per cent.
Kruger said MMI considered India to be an important market for its international growth strategy.
With 1.3 billion Rands available for acquisitions, Kruger said the company was comfortable putting in capital in line with its stake in the joint venture, but would not put a value to this deal as it was not an acquisition but a new venture.
"Each party will put in intellectual property and expertise and we will each contribute a relative portion to the share of capital required by the joint venture," Kruger said.
"ABG is a household name in India and a respected and trusted business group and we are extremely pleased to enter into a partnership with them," Kruger added.
The company had set up an office in India three years ago to look at opportunities in the rising middle class in the country.
The joint venture decision had been buoyed by a recent report indicating that the rising Indian middle class would lead to greater demand for insurance products, growing from $66.4 billion in 2013 to an expected $350 to $400 billion in 2020.
MMI is the third South African insurer to enter India, with the country's two oldest insurance companies after Old Mutual and Sanlam.

SAT slams Rs 7 500-cr Sebi blow on DLFSAT slams Rs 7,500-cr Sebi blow on DLF
Mail Today Bureau     Mumbai   Last Updated: October 24, 2014  | 18:17 IST
DLF chairman K.P. Singh
The Securities Appellate Tribunal (SAT) asked Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) on Wednesday the reason for banning DLF and its six top executives from the securities markets seven years after the realty major applied for an initial public offering (IPO) in 2007.
After DLF sought interim relief from SAT saying it needs to redeem around Rs 2,000 crore locked in mutual funds and some investment in bonds worth thousands of crores, the tribunal sought Sebi's response by afternoon itself.
DLF had received shareholders' approval last month to raise up to Rs 5,000 crore through nonconvertible debentures. SAT adjourned DLF's plea and posted the matter for hearing on October 30.
Presiding officer J.P. Devadhar and other SAT members Jog Singh and A.S. Lamba wanted Sebi's response by afternoon itself to consider any interim relief.
Sebi counsel Jamshed Cama said that his client's offices are closed for Diwali holidays. Devadhar observed that Sebi should have envisaged the impact of its regulatory actions on the investors, who have lost more than Rs 7,500 crore following the unprecedented ban,  which was imposed last week.
Cama replied that if DLF were to be believed, they did not disclose information about three subsidiaries (Sudipti, Shalika and Felicite) during the IPO launch arguing that they were of no material value. Sebi also questioned DLF's decision to allow wives of senior executives to remain invested in those companies. Describing the Sebi action as a death warrant and not a ban, senior DLF counsel Janak Dwarakadas said that there was no precedent wherein with one single stroke the watchdog's action, instead of protecting the investors, wiped out Rs 7,500 crore in market capitalisation.

Pakistan troops resort to unprovoked shelling  India retaliatesPakistani troops resorted to unprovoked mortar shelling on forward Indian positions in Balakote sector of Poonch district.
Written by Arun Sharma | Jammu | Posted: October 24, 2014 10:54 pm
While the international border remained peaceful during the last 24 hours, Pakistani troops resorted to unprovoked mortar shelling on forward Indian positions in Balakote sector of Poonch district on Friday night.
Giving details, Defence Ministry spokesman Lt Colonel Manish Mehta said that Pakistani troops resorted to “small arms, mortar and automatic weapon fire” on the Indian side in Balakote sector around 8.30 pm on Friday.
The Indian army responded “effectively” and “appropriately”, he said, adding that there was no casualty or damage to property on the Indian side.
About the international border, he said that there was no incident of firing from Pakistan after 10.30 pm Thursday.
Earlier during the day when Prime Minister Narendra Modi was celebrating Diwali with soldiers at Siachen and also the people hit by floods in Valley, the Pakistani Rangers had kept on firing at BSF positions along the international border in Ramgarh and Arnia sectors at frequent intervals.

Shah Rukh Khan s  Happy New Year  box office collections break record with Rs 44.97 cr on Day 1Home
Miscellaneous
Shah Rukh Khan's 'Happy New Year' box office collections break Dhoom 3 record with Rs 45 cr on Day 1
FE Online | New Delhi | Updated:  Oct 27 2014, 07:24  IST
Oct 27 2014, 07:24  IST
 

Gadkari meets RSS chiefUpdated: October 25, 2014 14:54 IST
Gadkari meets RSS chief
Tweet
The Hindu
Earlier, the 58-year-old former BJP President sought to clear the air on the Maharashtra CM issue, saying he was “happy” in Delhi.
TOPICS
state politics
It comes a day after Maharashtra BJP president Devendra Fadnavis, said to be a front-runner for the Chief Ministership, called on Mohan Bhagwat.
Union Minister Nitin Gadkari on Saturday met RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat and discussed “important” issues but said there was no talk on politics in Maharashtra where BJP is in the process of government formation.
The meeting took place a day after Maharashtra BJP president Devendra Fadnavis, said to be a front-runner for the Chief Ministership, called on the RSS chief.
The Lok Sabha MP from Nagpur came to Sangh building in Mahal in eastern part of the city on a two—wheeler.
“I met Sarsarsanghchalaji (Bhagwat). It was a routine visit during Diwali like every year. Yes we discussed many important issues barring the Maharashtra politics and the Chief Ministership,” Gadkari told reporters after emerging out of the building.
The senior BJP leader’s meeting with Bhagwat comes a day ahead of the high tea being hosted by Prime Minister Narendra Modi in Delhi on Sunday for NDA MPs.
Bhagwat was out of Nagpur when Gadkari arrived from Delhi early this week to a grand reception from BJP workers.
Post October 19 election result, which pitchforked BJP to the top of the heap with 123 Assembly seats (one of them won by an ally) in the 288—member House, a section of the new MLAs pushed Gadkari’s name for Chief Ministership.
Three of them went one step further and offered to quit their seats so that the Union Transport Minister could get elected to the Assembly from one of them.
Though initially reluctant to return to state politics, Gadkari added fuel to the speculation of being in the race for the top job when he said he was willing to take any responsibility entrusted by the party central leadership.
On Thursday the 58—year—old former BJP President, who received Fadnavis at his residence on Diwali day, sought to clear the air on the issue, saying he was “happy” in Delhi.
Fadnavis, who left for Mumbai today morning, met Bhagwat last night. The BJP MLAs are likely to meet in the next couple of days to elect their leader.
Both Gadkari and Fadnavis, who also hails from Nagpur, are considered close to RSS, which is headquartered in the city.

UP clocks lowest growth among BIMARU states in 9 yrsUP clocks lowest growth among BIMARU states in 9 yrs, finds Assocham study
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 25, 2014  | 16:43 IST
Picture for representation purpose. Photo: Reuters
Clocking the slowest compounded annual growth rate (CAGR) of about 6.9 per cent in terms of gross state domestic product, Uttar Pradesh is the lowest among the traditional BIMARU states (Bihar, Madhya Pradesh, Rajasthan and UP) in this regard during the past nine years i.e. during 2004-05 and 2012-13, according to an ASSOCHAM study.
"Bihar has ranked on top among the BIMARU states registering highest growth rate of 9.3 per cent in GSDP during the aforesaid nine year period followed by Madhya Pradesh (8.8 per cent) and Rajasthan (8.2 per cent) even as India's overall gross domestic product (GDP) grew at eight per cent during 2004-05 and 2012-13," said a study titled 'Analysis of BIMARU states' conducted by ASSOCHAM.
"Though UP's share in terms of contribution to Indian economy has remained highest during the aforesaid period,its share has dipped from 8.8 per cent as of 2004-05 to 8.1 per cent as of 2012-13/. The share of other states in BIMARU category though has remained stagnant over these years but has slightly improved-Bihar (from 2.6 per cent to 2.9 per cent), MP (3.8 per cent to 4 per cent) and Rajasthan (4.3 per cent to 4.4 per cent)," the study prepared by ASSOCHAM Economic Research Bureau (AERB) said.
"Total share of BIMARU states to India's economy has also slightly dipped from 19.5 per cent as of 2004-05 to 19.4 per cent as of 2012-13," D.S. Rawat, national secretary general of ASSOCHAM said while releasing the chamber's study.
Even on the agriculture and allied sector front, UP has proved to be the slowest in CAGR at 2.9 per cent ,well below the national growth rate of 3.7 per cent, it said.
Madhya Pradesh clocked highest growth rate of seven per cent in terms of agriculture and allied sector performance amid BIMARU states followed by Rajasthan (4.8 per cent) and Bihar (4.7 per cent).
he share of agriculture and allied sector in UP's GSDP has dipped from 29.7 per cent as of 2004-05 to 21.9 per cent as of 2012-13, the Assocham study said.
In Bihar, it has come down from 31.5 per cent to 22.5 per cent, while in Rajasthan it has slowed from 25.6 per cent to 19.9 per cent. MP registered just about three per cent decline i.e. from 27.7 per cent to 24.2 per cent during the period under review.
The contribution of agriculture and allied sector in Indian economy too dipped sharply from 19 per cent to 13.7 per cent during this period.
"On the industrial sector front, UP has registered 6.9 per cent growth rate during the said period while India clocked 7.4 per cent CAGR in the industrial sector," it said.
While amid BIMARU states, Bihar clocked highest growth rate of 13.9 per cent in the industry sector followed by MP (9.2 per cent) and Rajasthan (8.5 per cent).
The share of industry sector in UP's economy has marginally declined from 23.3 per cent as of 2004-05 to 23.2 as of 2012-13, while it has increased considerably in other BIMARU states - Bihar (from 13.8 per cent to 19.2 per cent), MP (27.1 per cent to 27.9 per cent) and Rajasthan (30.6 per cent to 31.3 per cent).
In the services sector too, UP has clocked slowest growth rate of nine per cent during 2004-05 and 2012-13 which is not only below other BIMARU states but also the national average of 9.6 per cent. Bihar registered highest growth rate of over 10 per cent followed by Rajasthan (9.7 per cent) and MP (9.6 per cent) during the period under review.
UP, however, has recorded highest growth in terms of services sector's contribution to the state economy as it rose from 47 per cent in 2004-05 to about 55 per cent as of 2012-13 followed by Rajasthan (from 43.8 per cent to 48.8 per cent), Bihar (from 54.7 per cent to 58.3 per cent) and MP (from 45.2 per cent to 47.9 per cent). Though, nationally the services sector share in the GDP increased from 53 per cent to 59.6 per cent.
At 4.8 per cent, UP has also registered slowest per- capita income growth rate between 2004-05 and 2012-13, while Bihar topped with 7.6 per cent CAGR amid other BIMARU states followed by MP (7 per cent) and Rajasthan (6.1 per cent).
Nationally the per-capita income grew by 6.2 per cent during this period.

PM  senior BJP leaders to attend Manohar Lal Khattars swearing-in ceremonyBy: Press Trust of India | Chandigarh | Posted: October 25, 2014 4:26 pm
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and senior BJP leaders will attend the oath-taking ceremony of Manohar Lal Khattar as chief minister of Haryana at Panchkula on Sunday.
“Prime Minister, BJP chief Amit Shah, some Union Cabinet Ministers, CMs of the BJP ruled states and senior leaders among others would attend the function tomorrow,” Haryana BJP spokesman Vir Kumar Yadav said here today.
Punjab Chief Minister Parkash Singh Badal would also attend the oath taking ceremony of the Khattar at Panchkula in Haryana, about 20 km from Chandigarh.
Among other leaders, outgoing Chief Minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda had also been invited.
The venue of the oath-taking ceremony, which was earlier Tau Devi Lal stadium, has been shifted to Panchkula’s HUDA ground in Sector 5.
Elaborate arrangements have been made for Sunday’s function, which in addition to the presence of top dignitaries is going to see huge rush of the BJP workers.
Haryana Chief Secretary Shakuntala Jakhu and Director General of Police S N Vashisht, Panchkula’s Deputy Commissioner S S Phulia held a meeting to review the arrangements for the function.
Senior Haryana BJP leaders also remained huddled in a meeting on Saturday to ensure that the event passes off smoothly.
Tight security measures were being put in place, with over 3,000 cops being deployed. Haryana BJP leaders claim that nearly 1 lakh people were expected to attend the function.
Roads leading to the HUDA ground were being given a facelift.
The Prime Minister will land at the Chandigarh Airport from where he will drive down to the venue, officials said.
In a departure from the past, the venue for the oath-taking function has been kept at Panchkula, which earlier used to be Chandigarh, the common capital of both Haryana and Punjab.
BJP has created history by coming to power on its own for the first time in Haryana, since its inception in 1966.
In the 90 member Haryana assembly, BJP bagged 47 seats, INLD 19 and its ally SAD 1, Congress 15, Haryana Janhit Congress (HJC BL) 2, BSP 1 and five independents romped home victorious.

Rajnath Singh expected in Mumbai on Monday; back channel talks on with Shiv SenaPrint
Rajnath was appointed as an observer for Maharashtra after BJP emerged as the single largest party in the Assembly polls. (Source: IE archive)
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: October 25, 2014 3:52 pm | Updated: October 25, 2014 5:30 pm
 
Home Minister Rajnath Singh is likely to go to Mumbai on Monday to discuss government formation in Maharashtra amid back channel talks between BJP and estranged ally Shiv Sena for a possible tie-up.
Singh will chair a meeting of the BJP Legislature Party which will elect its leader, who will be the Chief Minister.
Singh was appointed as an observer for Maharashtra after BJP emerged as the single largest party in the Assembly polls securing 122 seats out of a total of 288.
Sources said the BJP is in back channel talks with Shiv Sena over government formation and efforts are being made to settle the differences with its oldest ally with whom it snapped ties ahead of polls.
BJP Maharashtra unit chief Devendra Fadnavis continues to be the frontrunner for the post, though there are some more names doing the rounds.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has called a meeting of all NDA MPs at his residence tomorrow which Shiv Sena members will also attend.
Modi is in Mumbai on Saturday to inaugurate a private hospital there. It was, however, not clear whether he would have any political meeting during his visit.

Bureaucrats seek MBA degree for better careerShamni Pande      Follow @ShamniPande Delhi   Edition: Oct 26, 2014
'When you join the services straight after graduation, there is an immediate jump in stature,' says Arijit Ghosh,President, Honeywell Aerospace. Photo: Vivan Mehra
Gaurav Agarwal topped the prestigious civil services examination in 2013. The top rankers among the selected candidates for the Indian Administrative Service (IAS) always make news, but Agarwal's profile also kept him in the limelight. He holds the unique distinction of being an alumnus of IIT Kanpur and IIM Lucknow.
'There will be growing demand for bureaucrats in advisory roles, in company boards or as directors,' says Anjali Bansal, MD, Spencer Stuart. Photo: Nishikant Gamre
Agarwal believes his technology and management background will aid him in his role as an IAS officer. And, as he joins the service, he is likely to meet many who share similar qualifications. Indeed, a small but growing number of bureaucrats also have an MBA degree. This trend has been discernible for at least over a decade now. In fact, such bureaucrats are labelled IIM-G, or the IIMs in government.
"Being a professional certainly helps you in public service, and it is not as if civil service does not equip you with management capabilities. In fact, it does," says Vinni Mahajan, who graduated from IIM Calcutta before joining the IAS in 1987 from the Punjab cadre. She was posted in the Prime Ministers Office (PMO) between 2006 and 2009 and is now back home as principal secretary in the Department of Health and Family Welfare, Punjab.
FULL COVERAGE: India's Best B-Schools 2014
With focus on economic growth in India, there is immense need for business-savvy bureaucrats. There is a growing need for more IAS officers with professional expertise because some cross-over of talent to the private sector is inevitable, says former bureaucrat Shailesh Pathak, who spent 16 years in the government before shifting to the private sector in 2006. Pathak has an MBA from IIM Calcutta and has also studied at Oxford University's Said Business School. He is now Executive Director at Bhartiya Group. "As the economy has started to inch up and there is action from the government, there will be greater demand for bureaucrats with relevant experience from companies," says Pathak.
Doing business is still highly complex in India and bureaucrats, with their understanding of the Indian system, can prove to be invaluable to private companies in decoding the policies and laws governing different sectors. A recent World Bank report points out that it takes about 27 days to establish an entity in India, 182 days to obtain various construction-related clearances, 67 days to get an electricity connection, 92 days to register property, 28 days to get a loan, and, among other snafus, 20 days for export and 11 days for import transactions.
Anjali Bansal, Managing Director, Spencer Stuart, says there has always been a need for bureaucrats in the private sector. Bansal should know. She has mandates for leadership and board-level search from MNCs and large Indian organisations. "A bulk of that demand will be from the infrastructure, power and telecom sectors and there will be growing demand for bureaucrats in advisory roles, in company boards or as directors," she says.
According to observers, often bureaucrats sans critical training in business are at a disadvantage, forcing many to arm themselves with an MBA . The other new trend is that industry today is seeking younger bureaucrats with Ã  clean record and with no obvious political bias.
Many bureaucrats have opted out of the system. Consider the example of Ashwini Vaishnaw, Vice President - Locomotives & Head Urban Infrastructure Strategy, Siemens. Vaishnaw spent nearly 15 years as an IAS officer. He started off as Collector of Cuttack, then became Deputy Secretary in the PMO and subsequently Deputy Chairman of Mormugoa Port Trust in Goa. "This is when I decided to further my skills and graduated from Wharton in 2010," he says.
But there are die-hard believers in the system - those who dream of doing selfless service. Some have rejoined IAS after taking time off to do an MBA. Srivatsa Krishna is an example. He is now Secretary, Department of IT, Biotechnology & Science & Technology, Government of Karnataka. A 1994 batch IAS officer - he topped the civil services exam -who has been credited for pioneering e-governance, he also went on to become the first serving officer to finish his MBA at the Harvard Business School. Krishna went on to do a short stint at the World bank before rejoining the IAS. "I came back to my first love, IAS, to work in public service, which is both meaningful and challenging," he says.
But, Prof. G. Ramesh, Chairperson of the think tank Centre for Public Policy (CPP), IIM Bangalore, insists that there are few believers in the system today. The CPP runs the country's leading Post Graduate Programme at IIM Bangalore and has pioneered the application of management disciplines for delivery of public services and governance. "My hypothesis is that the opportunity cost is high. Today, pay packages in the private sector are high and students find it hard to sit and prepare for the civil services exam, especially after they have done an MBA," says Ramesh.
Agrees Arijit Ghosh, President, Honeywell Aerospace, who quit the Indian Foreign Service after eight years in 2003 to do his MBA at Harvard Business School. "When you join the services straight after graduation, there is a significant gain as there is an immediate jump in stature but this wanes after sometime," he says.
In fact, students and young professionals often prefer to work with the government from the outside. Consider the example of Dinesh Chand, a 2011 pass out from XLRI Jamshedpur. He was associated with EY for two years. He subsequently took a sabbatical and worked for Dinesh Trivedi, MP from Trinamool Congress. Since December last, he has been with Swaniti Initiative, an organisation that delivers developmental solutions by working with elected officials on issues of health, education, gender and livelihood.
Take the case of 27-year-old Vashistha Iyer, a National Institute of Fashion Technology graduate, who after two years at an export unit decided to work for PRS Legislative, an independent research initiative. He subsequently got the Legislative Assistants to Members of Parliament (LAMP) fellowship. The fellowship places one legislative assistant with one Member of Parliament (MP). Iyer has not looked back since. He has been working with P.D. Rai, Lok Sabha MP from Sikkim, from 2012. Iyer is now about to join Rai's son who has floated a political brand consulting firm called Raisina Hill.
Entering civil services is not an option for either Chand or Iyer. "I have seen enough bureaucrats and I know what it is about. There are frustrations and I can do enough from the outside,"says Iyer.

Low-pressure area in Arabian Sea likely to turn into depression by FridayLow-pressure area in Arabian Sea likely to turn into depression by Friday
Vinson Kurian
Tweet
Thiruvananthapuram, Oct 23:  
India Met Department has said in its morning bulletin that the low-pressure area over southeast Arabian Sea has become ‘well-marked'.
This marks the first round of intensification of the system, which is expected to become a depression in the second round by tomorrow.
Likely cyclone
The Met has not said it yet, but its wind field projections indicate the depression could go on to become a tropical cyclone over the next two to three days.
The US Joint Typhoon Warning Centre assessed the location of the system at 775 km in a straight line to the west of Kochi.
It found a ‘massive’ area of low pressure in the sea – as much as 1,480 km in diameter – covering almost entire south and central Arabian Sea.
The system is blessed with a perfect environment for intensification in terms of low vertical wind shear, warm sea surface and good outflow towards the top.
The US Centre said that the storm activity is likely to mature out in the northwestern basin of the Arabian Sea.
Incoming westerly
India Met said that the system would race farther away from India's west coast towards Oman in the Arabian Gulf.
This track is sustained until it reaches within a sniffing distance of the Oman coast by October 29 when in fact the outer bands of the strong cyclone would lash Oman.
But here is exactly where the inevitable happens – a development that the European Centre for Medium-Range Weather sees taking place much earlier during the mature phase of the cyclone.
An incoming western disturbance from the opposite direction will stop the cyclone system on its tracks just off the Oman coast.
By October 29, until when India Met projections are available, the cyclone is scooped up entirely by the ‘long arm’ of the westerly system.
Oman or Gujarat?
From here, meteorological protocol would suggest that the cyclone would ride the western disturbance and move to the east.
This could put the Makran and adjoining Karachi coasts, or farther east, the Gujarat coast, as probable areas for landfall of the system.
The European Centre had suggested that the cyclone could likely veer off from west-central Arabian Sea and head straight to the Amreli-Surat belt in Gujarat for a landfall by October 29.
The cyclone would be appropriated by the ‘trunk’ of the advancing western disturbance and flung away to east-northeast over Gujarat coast, it had said.
After landfall, the remnant is shown as tracking north-northeast over mainland India, towards the Uttar Pradesh-Bihar belt.
(This article was published on October 23, 2014)
Related

India  20 others form Asian Infra Investment BankK J M Varma     Beijing   Last Updated: October 24, 2014  | 14:02 IST
Chinese President Xi Jinping with Prime Minister Narendra Modi. Photo: Shekhar Ghosh.
India along with 20 other countries on Friday signed an agreement to become founding members of the China-backed Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank (AIIB) to aid the infrastructure development in the Asian region and reduce the dependence on Western-dominated World Bank and IMF.
Usha Titus, Joint Secretary, Economic Affairs division of the Ministry of Finance, signed the MoU on behalf of India at a special ceremony in Beijing at the Great Hall of the People.
China's Vice Finance Minister Jin Liqun, who was also the former Vice-President of the Asian Development Bank, has been appointed as the Secretary General of AIIB.
The Bank, to be headquartered in Beijing, is expected to be operational by next year.
The MoU specifies that the authorised capital of AIIB is $100 billion and the initial subscribed capital is expected to be around $50 billion.
The paid-in ratio will be 20 per cent.
Voting rights are to be decided after consultations among the members over fixing the bench marks which were expected to be combination of GDP and Purchasing Power Parity (PPP).
Based on this formula, India will be second-largest share holder of the bank after China.
Elaborating on decision to participate in AIIB, Titus said India's view is that the new bank provides rich resource capital base for infrastructure financing, which is good for the regional development.
It will help to bridge the infrastructure deficit by playing a complimentary role along with other financial institutions like ADP and IMF and work for good governance, she told PTI.
Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson Hua Chua Chunying on Thursday welcomed India's participation in new bank.
China regards India's support as a major boost to the bank's formation which was largely seen as an effort to enlarge funding for the Asian countries reducing the dependence on ADB and other Western-dominated global financial institutions like World Bank and IMF.
China was keen about India's participation and an invitation in this regard was extended by Chinese President Xi Jinping during his first meeting with Prime Minister Narendra Modi on the sidelines of BRICS summit in Brazil in July.
The AIIB is in addition to the BRICS (Brazil, Russia, India, China and South Africa) Development Bank formed this year, which will be based in Shanghai. It is set to commence its operations with an Indian as its President.
Besides India and China, other AIIB members are Vietnam, Uzbekistan, Thailand, Sri Lanka, Singapore, Qatar, Oman, the Philippines, Pakistan, Nepal, Bangladesh, Brunei, Cambodia, Kazakhstan, Kuwait, Lao PDR, Malaysia, Mongolia and Myanmar.
(PTI)

BJP-Sena back channel talks on for Maharashtra tie-upNew Delhi, October 25, 2014
Updated: October 25, 2014 18:25 IST
New Maharashtra government likely next week
PTI
Tweet
The Hindu
In this October 19, 2014 photo, BJP Maharashtra unit president and frontrunner for the Chief Minister's post Devendra Fadnavis celebrates at the party office in Mumbai.
TOPICS
political development
The new BJP government in Maharashtra is likely to be sworn in on October 29 or 30, party sources said in Mumbai on Saturday.
Union Minister Rajnath Singh, BJP’s central observer for election of the legislature party leader, is expected to arrive in Mumbai on Monday and election is likely to take place the next day, a top BJP leader said in Mumbai in an informal interaction with journalists.
Back channel talks were said to be on between the BJP and estranged former ally Shiv Sena for forming a coalition government.
The BJP, which has emerged as the single largest party in the 288-member Assembly with 122 seats, has already been offered outside support by the 41-member strong NCP.
With its 63 MLAs, the Sena is the second largest party in the House.
Meanwhile, Rashtriya Samaj Paksha leader Mahadev Jankar, whose party is a pre-poll ally of the BJP and has one MLA, said his party is not in favour of any tie-up with the NCP.
“We want the new government to come to power without the backing of NCP or Congress against whom BJP fought the poll and highlighted their corruption,” Mr. Jankar said after meeting State BJP chief Devendra Fadnavis, who continues to be the frontrunner for the post, though there are some more names doing the rounds. .
Mr. Jankar said his party wanted representation in the new Ministry.
‘Uddhav not scheduled to meet Modi’
Meanwhile, terming Mr. Modi’s visit to Mumbai as apolitical, the Sena said party president Uddhav Thackeray was not scheduled to meet him in Mumbai or even in the national capital later, and talks for government formation would start only on Monday.
The Prime Minister on Saturday inaugurated the H.N. Reliance Foundation’s hospital in Mumbai.
“The Prime Minister has come to Mumbai only to inaugurate a hospital. At a time when the PM has come for a social cause, there will be no political talks. Talks will start only from Monday,” Sena MP from Ratnagiri-Sindhudurg Vinayak Raut told reporters in Mumbai, after meeting Mr. Thackeray at his residence.
When asked if Mr. Thackeray was scheduled to meet Mr. Modi in Delhi next week, Mr. Raut said no meeting had been scheduled.
“We haven’t had a talk with BJP regarding Modi’s (possible) meeting with Uddhav Thackeray. For now, I can only say that all the Sena MPs will be attending the Diwali dinner (organised by the Prime Minister) tomorrow,” Mr. Raut said.
Asked what would be the Sena’s stand if the BJP decided to form the government without its support, Mr. Raut said Mr. Thackeray would take a decision in the party’s interest.
“If BJP wants to form a government without our support, it will be BJP leaders’ call. Thackeray is keenly observing every development. He is well-poised to take a decision that will be good for the future of the Sena,” Mr. Raut said.

Contributions to Swach Bharat Kosh fall under CSR ambitContributions to Swach Bharat Kosh come under CSR ambit
PTI     New Delhi    Last Updated: October 25, 2014  | 16:59 IST
Contributions made by corporates towards Swach Bharat Kosh and Clean Ganga Fund will be considered as social welfare spending under the new companies law, according to the government.
Swach Bharat Kosh and Clean Ganga Fund are among the key initiatives unveiled by the Narendra Modi-led government as part of its efforts to ensure cleanliness.
While Swach Bharat Kosh is to attract funds for works to improve sanitation facilities, the Clean Ganga Fund is for pooling money to be used for cleaning up Ganga river.
Certain class of profitable companies are required to shell out at least two per cent of their three-year average annual net profit towards Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) activities. The provision, which is part of the new Companies Act, came into force from April 1.
The Corporate Affairs Ministry, which is implementing the new companies law, has now brought contributions to Swach Bharat Kosh and Clean Ganga Fund under the CSR ambit.
In a notification on Saturday, the Ministry has inserted the words 'including contribution to the Swach Bharat Kosh set up by the central government for the promotion of sanitation" in Schedule VII of the Act.
Besides, the words "including contribution to the Clean Ganga Fund set up by the central government for rejuvenation of river Ganga" have been inserted in the Schedule.
Schedule VII of Companies Act, 2013, pertains to CSR activities.
During the day, Modi-whose government has embarked on a major drive to ensure cleanliness -- tweeted about the topic.
"Several friends told me that a lot of people cleaned the areas where they burst crackers during Diwali. I congratulate them for the efforts," he said in a tweet.
Meanwhile, as per the new companies law, CSR norms would be applicable to companies having at least Rs 5 crore net profit, or Rs 1,000 crore turnover or Rs 500 crore net worth.
Such companies would need to spend two per cent of their three-year average annual net profit on CSR activities in each financial year, beginning 2014-15 fiscal.
Livelihood enhancement and rural development projects, working towards protection of national heritage, setting up public libraries, promotion and development of traditional arts and handicrafts, are among the activities coming under CSR ambit.

Hunger: An unrelenting realitysociety
The real measure of a country’s progress is the child hunger index. India continues to fall short.
In this season of festivities, when urban lifestyle-based diseases are getting a boost as we stuff our stomachs with forbidden foods, and our homes eat up even more of scarce electricity, one in every third child will go to bed hungry. Her home will be dark, without even the light from the hearth that cannot be lit because there is no cooking fuel.
Hunger, malnutrition, under-nutrition… these are not the talking points at election rallies or television debates but they remain a hard and unrelenting reality for million of Indians. I fear that — in the drummed-up euphoria surrounding cleaning up India, making in India and other such slogans — this depressing reality will be obscured and forgotten.
The good news, we are told, is that acute hunger is decreasing. On the Global Hunger Index 2014, prepared by the International Food Policy Research Institute (IFPRI), India now ranks 55th of the 76 countries and its situation has moved from ‘alarming’ to ‘serious’. That is good.  But is it something to celebrate? That from 45.1 per cent of underweight children under five years of age in 2005-06, there are now 30.7 per cent of underweight children as of last year? It is progress, but that still leaves virtually one in every three children under five years of age that is underweight. This means this child will never be able to catch up as an adult because she has been deprived of adequate and nutritious food in the first five years of her life.
We should also be worried that the very programmes that helped this decline are now in danger of being neglected, or reformulated in a way that could prove detrimental. For instance, IFPRI acknowledges that government programmes that have contributed to this decline in child hunger are the Integrated Child Development Scheme (ICDS) under which balwadis in villages provide young children with a nutritious supplement; the committee to monitor malnutrition set up by the Supreme Court; the National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) that has increased access to health care for many in rural areas; the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act (MGNREGA), which has guaranteed employment to millions of people; and the Public Distribution System (PDS), which provides subsidised food grains to people below the poverty line.
Apart from hunger caused by inadequate quantity of food, millions also suffer from hidden hunger, due to the deficiency of micronutrients in the food. If you are poor, not only do you get little to eat, but what you eat is also of poor quality. This is what aggravates the already deadly impact of undernutrition. Whenever these subjects come up for discussion — and internationally and in India they do so all the time — there are many technical fixes that are discussed such as bio-fortification, which involves increasing the micronutrient content of food crops.  In other words, the same grain that you eat will be fortified so that even if you eat the same quantity, you will get more nutrients into your system.
While all that is well-meant, if you are poor, you need money to buy food, even if it is subsidised. And you need work to earn the money to buy that food. Despite its shortcomings, MGNREGA has been responsible for putting that money in the hands of millions of rural poor. Yet, this programme is being deprived of funds and could end up a mere acronym.
The technical fixes also misfire because the approach is sometimes top-down without taking in the particular needs of different parts of India. For instance, one of the solutions for malnutrition among children is to give them a high-energy protein paste, that includes crushed peanuts, through the ICDS programme. But the solution, although it makes sense, does not take into account the fact that children’s tastes and eating habits differ in various parts of India. Or that severely malnourished children — like those in isolated tribal hamlets in some parts of Maharashtra, for instance — cannot digest this rich mixture because they are so emaciated. Rather than giving them nourishment, the mixture can cause acute diarrhoea. So, universalised solutions do not work if there is no flexibility built into such programmes.
Just as a handful of long-handled brooms will not clean India, there is no magic wand for ending hunger. The real measure of a country’s progress should surely be the child hunger index. And here India continues to fall short. Moving from ‘alarming’ to ‘serious’ is simply not good enough.
sharma.kalpana@yahoo.com

BJP govt openly aiding Colombo: Vaikostate politics
He took objection to Subramanian Swamy demanding that the Bharat Ratna be conferred on Sri Lankan President Mahinda Rajapakse.
Slamming the BJP Government’s policy vis—a—vis Sri Lanka, the party’s Tamil Nadu ally MDMK on Saturday said that it was acting against the minority Tamils and warned that this may have repercussions in the future.
MDMK founder Vaiko took objection to senior BJP leader Subramanian Swamy’s demand that India’s highest civilian award, the Bharat Ratna, be conferred on Sri Lankan President Mahinda Rajapakse, saying the saffron party cannot ignore its responsibility by just distancing itself from Swamy.
“Though the previous UPA discreetly helped Sri Lanka against Tamils, it later backtracked, but the BJP Government is openly aiding Colombo,” he charged.
“This is infuriating. It amounts to demanding Bharat Ratna for General Dyre who led the Jalianwala Bagh massacre. Have the Prime Minister (Narendra Modi) or others from BJP condemned Swamy for this? No. They cannot ignore their responsibility by saying it was his personal opinion,” he said in a statement.
Vaiko also opposed various other steps initiated by New Delhi regarding Sri Lanka, including hosting its top Defence officials.
The NDA Government thought that there was none to question it and its continued ‘anti—Ealam Tamils’ stand will have its own repercussions in the future, Vaiko said, even as the BJP aims to put up a good show in Tamil Nadu in the 2016 Assembly polls.

Black money: HSBC list has 628 names  biggest amount $18 mn with Mehta  Patel most commonBlack money in India: HSBC list has 628 names, top amount $18 mn
Appu Esthose Suresh | New Delhi | Updated:  Oct 26 2014, 13:47  IST
Oct 26 2014, 13:47  IST
 

New Maruti Alto K10: Thrills on wheels wont come cheaperNew Maruti Suzuki Alto K10: Thrills on wheels won’t come any cheaper
Vikram Chaudhary | New Delhi | Updated:  Oct 25 2014, 17:18  IST
Oct 25 2014, 17:18  IST
 

Wall Street finally turning on Amazon as Jeff Bezos magic fadesE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Rajnath Singh expected in Mumbai on Monday; back channel talks on with ShivSenaPrint
Rajnath was appointed as an observer for Maharashtra after BJP emerged as the single largest party in the Assembly polls. (Source: IE archive)
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: October 25, 2014 3:52 pm | Updated: October 25, 2014 5:30 pm
 
Home Minister Rajnath Singh is likely to go to Mumbai on Monday to discuss government formation in Maharashtra amid back channel talks between BJP and estranged ally Shiv Sena for a possible tie-up.
Singh will chair a meeting of the BJP Legislature Party which will elect its leader, who will be the Chief Minister.
Singh was appointed as an observer for Maharashtra after BJP emerged as the single largest party in the Assembly polls securing 122 seats out of a total of 288.
Sources said the BJP is in back channel talks with Shiv Sena over government formation and efforts are being made to settle the differences with its oldest ally with whom it snapped ties ahead of polls.
BJP Maharashtra unit chief Devendra Fadnavis continues to be the frontrunner for the post, though there are some more names doing the rounds.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has called a meeting of all NDA MPs at his residence tomorrow which Shiv Sena members will also attend.
Modi is in Mumbai on Saturday to inaugurate a private hospital there. It was, however, not clear whether he would have any political meeting during his visit.

Gadkari courts controversy by riding scooter without helmetUpdated: October 25, 2014 23:45 IST
Without helmet, Gadkari rides into row
PTI
Tweet
PTI
Union Minister for Transport and Shipping Nitin Gadkari leaves after meeting RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat at RSS headquarters in Nagpur on Saturday.
TOPICS
parties and movements
Congress general secretary Digvijay Singh strongly reacted to Mr. Gadkari’s action, saying it reflected the "attitude of the leader and the party".
Union Road Transport and Highways Minister Nitin Gadkari rode into a controversy on Saturday when he was caught on camera entering the RSS headquarters here on a scooter without wearing a helmet in violation of traffic rules.
TV channels showed him riding his white-coloured scooter to the Sangh headquarters in the Mahal area of the city to meet RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat amid efforts by the party to form a government in Maharashtra.
When presspersons pointed out the violation of rules, Mr. Gadkari refused to comment, and entered the premises with a man riding pillion and another scooter in tow.
Congress general secretary Digvijay Singh said it reflected the “attitude of the leader and the party, whether they believe in following the rules or not.” “It is a very small thing, and for anyone else, it wouldn’t have mattered ... for the Transport Minister of the government of India, who is violating the law which he had to be enforcing, then it does make a difference,” he said. It was not immediately known if the Nagpur Police were contemplating booking the Union Minister for violating traffic rules.

Five-phase polls in Jammu and Kashmir  Jharkhand from November 25regional elections
Jharkhand too to vote from November 25; Counting on December 23
Overruling the National Conference government’s reservations, the Election Commission (EC) announced on Saturday that Jammu and Kashmir, along with Jharkhand, will go to the polls in five phases — on November 25, and December 2, 9, 14 and 20.
The counting of votes will take place on December 23 to enable the new governments in the two States to be sworn in before January 3 in Jharkhand and January 19 in Jammu and Kashmir.
By-elections
The EC also announced by-elections to three Assembly seats in Delhi on November 25.
Acknowledging that “one political party” had sought a postponement in view of the unprecedented floods in the State, Chief Election Commissioner V.S. Sampath said the Commission made two visits to Jammu and Kashmir. The Commission spoke to all stakeholders as well as those responsible for holding the polls and concluded that it was possible to hold elections at this stage.
Asked whether an adequate number of voters would be able to access polling booths, given that large swathes of the State were devastated by floods, Mr. Sampath said: “In Jammu and Kashmir, it is very difficult to make a guess. But we were told it would not have any special impact.”
For the Congress, which shares power in both the States, the elections will be a fresh test after its resounding defeat in Maharashtra and Haryana.
The BJP will be looking to add the two States to its kitty.

Happy New Year becomes Shah Rukh  Deepika Padukone s highest Opening Day grosserHappy New Year becomes Shah Rukh  Deepika Padukone s highest Opening Day grosser
Tharoor plunges into sanitation drive  invokes Gandhi toTharoor plunges into sanitation drive  invokes Gandhi to
Putin admits helping ousted Ukrainian President to flee to Russia in FebPutin admits helping ousted Ukrainian President to flee to Russia in Feb
Rajnath expected in Mumbai  back channel talks onRajnath expected in Mumbai  back channel talks on
BJP ready for polls in Jammu and Kashmir  says Jitendra SinghBJP ready for polls in Jammu and Kashmir  says Jitendra Singh
11 Things I Learned Starting My Own Business Right Out of Collegereddit
This list was born out of my own experiences but I felt it could be extremely valuable to other young start-ups by helping them avoid some of the mistakes we've made and shorten the time from start-up to viable venture. If anything, it will help you do what I'm doing -- which is learning as I go!
1. White t-shirts are a no-go.
White is impossible to keep clean and we are farmers at the end of the day. We should not be working in white. The same goes for the customer. They are out in the world and white just gets dirty. Most of our customers are like us and are likely not going to use bleach and other harmful stain fighters to keep their shirts white.
Takeaway: If it doesn't work for you, don't push it on your customer.
2. Business needs to be stressed like a muscle so it rebuilds stronger and faster.
When you exercise a muscle you are actually tearing it. It then heals and repairs itself to be stronger. Your business needs to be exercised as well. You need to test it, tear it and rebuild it stronger. If you are not getting yourself and your business out there by testing and rebuilding then you are not structured for success. You will waste so much time perfecting something that no one actually wants or needs.
Takeaway: Determine your minimum viable product, build it, measure it on users, learn from their feedback and start over with version 2.0 and keep this cycle going over and over.
3. Freedom comes through diligence.
One of the most attractive parts of being an entrepreneur is being your own boss and being in control of your schedule. However, at the end of the day, you are not going to be successful if you are not carving out time for productivity and getting shit done! The only way I can do what I want, when I want, is by being extremely focused with the time I'm not having fun with family and friends. That focus is all dedicated to highly productive time working on my business. And it's in this way, through strict planning, that I can be spontaneous and take off for a fun event or social outing because I know how productive I am with limited time.
Takeaway: Work hard and have fun. You need balance. Just define what time is for what purpose.
4. Get out of your comfort zone!
Put yourself -- and more importantly, your business -- out there. I like to call it getting out of the building. You can't hole up all day everyday building your perfect product. Get in front of potential customers, show them what you're working on, find early adopters or buyers and get the testimonials and feedback to fuel future sales and product iterations. I'm a definite introvert and talking with people I don't know without introduction was one of the hardest things for me to do. My stomach rolls at the thought of a cold call or approaching a stranger with the goal of selling them on something I'm doing. If you can't ask someone to take a look or tell them why what you have is valuable, you won't ever make a sale and you shouldn't be an entrepreneur. Getting past this fear and out of my comfort zone is easily the most valuable thing I have done in terms of figuring out specifically what our customer likes about our product and what are the crucial features of our product we should highlight to specific customer segments.
Takeaway: Get out of your comfort zone. If you are feeling fear, then you are progressing, doing something new and untested. That's where you want to be as a startup.
5. Interview your customer.
This goes side by side with getting out of your comfort zone. Not only do you need to get out there but you need to interact with everyone and ask for feedback from everyone. I mean everyone. I don't care if you think they are a potential customer or not; at this stage of the game, you are ignorant as to who your customer is. It's all about discovery and figuring out customer segments you didn't think about, validating your assumptions about who your customers are and invalidating your wrong assumptions. The only way you can do this is through customer interviews. Talk to everyone about your business and what you are doing. I bet without asking people give you their take or an idea they have.
Takeaway: Talk to everyone about your product, get feedback, and adjust your product or service accordingly.
6. Always sell.
Always sell, but not necessarily for profit. Just be passionate, love what you do and share your passion and then ask for help. In the beginning give your product away if you can afford to do so. Get it into the hands of your target demographics and get their feedback. People love to help someone who's doing what they love. They love to help and to test the product and give feedback, too. It makes them feel good and it's an exchange of value between you and your customer. The more you do this, the more viable your product becomes, the quicker you can get testimonials, and the quicker you can get sales.
Takeaway: Get your product into peoples hands, ask them what they think, adjust based on feedback. If they like like it share that with other people. Nothing sells better than testimonials.
7. Surround yourself with like-minded people.
I don't know who originally said it, but I learned this from James Altucher . You are the sum of the five people you hang around most. If you want to grow and strive, hang around with people who have the same goals -- especially entrepreneurs with businesses that have the same customer segments or are complementary to yours. Team up, do events and promote each other socially. Build and share each other's audience. Expect nothing in return. Just keep adding value to your customers and people you want to work with and it will always come back to you. Don't hang around with those who detract from what you're doing, even if these are your best of friends. If they are holding you back, then you need to really re-evaluate that friendship.
Takeaway: You are the sum of the five people you hang around with most. If you don't like who you are or if you are not hanging around with people who inspire you to grow and better yourself, you need to change that. If you do not, you will stagnate. This takes willpower and this doesn't happen overnight. This one is one of the harder ones to swallow but no one has succeeded by hanging around people who put them down all the time.
8. Innovate constantly.
This doesn't mean your business is always shifting. Have focus but always be looking for a way you can reduce stress, increase mass, and increase velocity (how quick you scale up) in your business. It's all about recognizing an opportunity for gain and seizing it. Come up with five ways a day to reduce stress/friction, increase mass, and increase velocity (how quick you scale). Give yourself permission to come up with bad ideas. The point is to just practice thinking of ways to improve and be more efficient. Then you'll be "lucky" because you can always strike while the iron's hot and capitalize on opportunities that present themselves. If you aren't always looking for these ideas to manifest, they could pass you by.
Takeaway: Come up with five ideas a day that either reduce stress and friction, increase mass, or increase velocity for your business.
9. Copy copy that works.
Someone already doing something similar? Are they making sales? Study their ads and their copywriting. Don't fret. Figure out what they are doing that works, why it works, and reflect that in your own copy. Not word for word, of course, but write similar blogs, deliver similar videos, make sure your product or service offers all the value propositions that they also deliver -- and then figure out how you can do it better. Quality has staying power and if you can deliver something better then do it!
Takeaway: Don't reinvent the wheel. If someone else is having success with a strategy or approach selling a similar product, it's for a reason. They are connecting with the customer. Make sure you can deliver the same or better value and innovate the product on top of that.
10. Be the change you want to see in the world.
We recently became the first Benefit Corporation in CT. There are over 20 companies who share that distinction with us and took part in this historic event. Business doesn't need to be this cutthroat winner take all at the expense of others mess. We're humans; we can think about the future and consequences of our actions. We're unique and extraordinary because we are proactive -- not reactive -- human beings. We can look at problems in our environment or surroundings and improve them. This is something almost no other animal can consciously contribute to the environment.
But as humans we still make mistakes. Innovation in business is all about correcting those mistakes and showing others the better alternative to the standard solutions we've been using to fix a problem in our lives. We became an aquaponics farm and we became a benefit corporation for the same reason. We personally had the goal of improving our health, wealth and selves. We chose aquaponics because we wanted to know the source of our food and ensure it was of a certain quality. So that's what we promise to bring each year. As a benefit corporation, we now have to showcase these efforts annually in a report. Gladly.
We're a Connecticut Benefit Corporation because we don't just value profits. Our board has to consider the social, environmental and economical value of every decision and activity our business takes on. It's about leaving our earth and communities in a better state than when we came to them and bringing you only food that lives up to our standards. Its now a mandated part of our business and no matter how large we grow or even if we sell our business it has to maintain these standards as a registered Benefit Corporation.
Takeaway: Do what you love and do what you want to see in the world. Commit to it. You need to be passionate about it. If it's not something you wouldn't do for free and wouldn't commit anything to see accomplished, then how can you inspire others to trust you and buy from you?
So that's what I've learned the past year of starting a business from scratch. Take an idea and making it a viable entity. I have so much more to learn but I know that if I'm constantly improving then I'm on the right track. If you found anything in this article valuable or know someone who could benefit from it, please share it! The best way to accelerate progress is to learn from others mistakes and avoid making them yourself. To get more from us visit freshfarmct.org and sign up for our newsletter.
That being said the most valuable thing I learned in business is a widely known sentiment. Don't overlook it.
11. Under promise, over deliver.
This is up there with the customer is always right. If you over deliver on the promises your product makes, you have the best chance of gaining a customer for life and that is what makes a business successful. So no matter what you're doing -- whether it's a blog post, an interview, a sale or a customer follow-up -- under promise and over deliver.
Takeaway: Under promise, over deliver and you'll find yourself with a cadre of lifetime customers who will champion you and your business.
This post originally appeared on freshfarmct.org.
--
Kieran Foran co-founded FRESH Farm Aquaponics in 2012 after graduating from Northeastern University. Prior to graduation, Kieran chanced upon aquaponics through his friend and co-founder Spencer Curry. The two become obsessed with the possibilities of aquaponics and the way it could revolutionize today's dysfunctional food system. They started the company FRESH Farm Aquaponics to be the change they wanted to see brought to world. For more information please visit freshfarmct.org
Follow Kieran Foran on Twitter: www.twitter.com/kieroniusrex
More:

The Importance of Being ExceptionalCross-posted with TomDispatch.com
The origins of the phrase “American exceptionalism” are not  especially obscure. The French sociologist Alexis de Tocqueville,  observing this country in the 1830s, said that Americans seemed  exceptional in valuing practical attainments almost to the exclusion of  the arts and sciences. The Soviet dictator Joseph Stalin, on hearing a  report by the American Communist Party that workers in the United States  in 1929 were not ready for revolution, denounced “the heresy of American exceptionalism.” In 1996, the political  scientist Seymour Martin Lipset took those hints from Tocqueville and  Stalin and added some of his own to produce his book American Exceptionalism: A Double-Edged Sword . The virtues of American society, for Lipset -- our individualism, hostility to state action, and propensity for ad hoc problem-solving -- themselves stood in the way of a lasting and prudent consensus in the conduct of American politics.
In recent years, the phrase “American exceptionalism,” at once  resonant and ambiguous, has stolen into popular usage in electoral  politics, in the mainstream media, and in academic writing with a  profligacy that is hard to account for. It sometimes seems that  exceptionalism for Americans means everything from generosity to  selfishness, localism to imperialism, indifference to “the opinions of  mankind” to a readiness to incorporate the folkways of every culture.  When President Obama told West Point graduates last May that “I believe in American  exceptionalism with every fiber of my being,” the context made it clear  that he meant the United States was the greatest country in the world:  our stature was demonstrated by our possession of “the finest fighting force that the world has ever known,” uniquely  tasked with defending liberty and peace globally; and yet we could not  allow ourselves to “flout international norms” or be a law unto  ourselves. The contradictory nature of these statements would have  satisfied even Tocqueville’s taste for paradox.
On the whole, is American exceptionalism a force for good? The question shouldn’t be hard to answer. To make an exception of yourself is as immoral a proceeding for a nation as it is for an individual. When we say of a person (usually someone who has gone off the rails), “He thinks the rules don’t apply to him,” we mean that he is a danger to others and perhaps to himself. People who act on such a belief don’t as a rule examine themselves deeply or write a history of the self to justify their understanding that they are unique. Very little effort is involved in their willfulness. Such exceptionalism, indeed, comes from an excess of will unaccompanied by awareness of the necessity for self-restraint.
Such people are monsters. Many land in asylums, more in prisons. But the category also encompasses a large number of high-functioning autistics: governors, generals, corporate heads, owners of professional sports teams. When you think about it, some of these people do write histories of themselves and in that pursuit, a few of them have kept up the vitality of an ancient genre: criminal autobiography .
All nations, by contrast, write their own histories as a matter of course. They preserve and exhibit a record of their doings; normally, of justified conduct, actions worthy of celebration. “Exceptional” nations, therefore, are compelled to engage in some fancy bookkeeping which exceptional individuals can avoid -- at least until they are put on trial or subjected to interrogation under oath. The exceptional nation will claim that it is not responsible for its exceptional character. Its nature was given by God , or History , or Destiny .
An external and semi-miraculous instrumentality is invoked to explain the prodigy whose essence defies mere scientific understanding. To support the belief in the nation’s exceptional character, synonyms and variants of the word “providence” often get slotted in.  That word gained its utility at the end of the seventeenth century -- the start of the epoch of nations formed in Europe by a supposed covenant or compact. Providence splits the difference between the accidents of fortune and purposeful design; it says that God is on your side without having the bad manners to pronounce His name.
Why is it immoral for a person to treat himself as an exception? The reason is plain: because morality, by definition, means a standard of right and wrong that applies to all persons without exception. Yet to answer so briefly may be to oversimplify. For at least three separate meanings are in play when it comes to exceptionalism, with a different apology backing each. The glamour that surrounds the idea owes something to confusion among these possible senses.
First, a nation is thought to be exceptional by its very nature. It is so consistently worthy that a unique goodness shines through all its works. Who would hesitate to admire the acts of such a country? What foreigner would not wish to belong to it? Once we are held captive by this picture, “my country right or wrong” becomes a proper sentiment and not a wild effusion of prejudice, because we cannot conceive of the nation being wrong.
A second meaning of exceptional may seem more open to rational scrutiny. Here, the nation is supposed to be admirable by reason of history and circumstance. It has demonstrated its exceptional quality by adherence to ideals which are peculiar to its original character and honorable as part of a greater human inheritance. Not “my country right or wrong” but “my country, good and getting better” seems to be the standard here . The promise of what the country could turn out to be supports this faith. Its moral and political virtue is perceived as a historical deposit with a rich residue in the present.
A third version of exceptionalism derives from our usual affectionate feelings about living in a community on the scale of a neighborhood or township, an ethnic group or religious sect. Communitarian nationalism takes the innocent-seeming step of generalizing that sentiment to the nation at large. My country is exceptional to me (according to this view) just because it is mine. Its familiar habits and customs have shaped the way I think and feel; nor do I have the slightest wish to extricate myself from its demands. The nation, then, is like a gigantic family, and we owe it what we owe to the members of our family: “ unconditional love .” This sounds like the common sense of ordinary feelings. How can our nation help being exceptional to us?
Teacher of the World
Athens was just such an exceptional nation, or city-state, as Pericles described it in his celebrated oration for the first fallen soldiers in the Peloponnesian War. He meant his description of Athens to carry both normative force and hortatory urgency. It is, he says, the greatest of Greek cities, and this quality is shown by its works, shining deeds, the structure of its government, and the character of its citizens, who are themselves creations of the city. At the same time, Pericles was saying to the widows and children of the war dead: Resemble them! Seek to deserve the name of Athenian as they have deserved it!
The oration, recounted by Thucydides in the History of the Peloponnesian War, begins by praising the ancestors of Athenian democracy who by their exertions have made the city exceptional. “They dwelt in the country without break in the succession from generation to generation, and handed it down free to the present time by their valor.” Yet we who are alive today, Pericles says, have added to that inheritance; and he goes on to praise the constitution of the city, which “does not copy the laws of neighboring states; we are rather a pattern to others than imitators ourselves.”
The foreshadowing here of American exceptionalism is uncanny and the anticipation of our own predicament continues as the speech proceeds. “In our enterprises we present the singular spectacle of daring and deliberation, each carried to its highest point, and both united in the same persons... As a city we are the school of Hellas” -- by which Pericles means that no representative citizen or soldier of another city could possibly be as resourceful as an Athenian. This city, alone among all the others, is greater than her reputation.
We Athenians, he adds, choose to risk our lives by perpetually carrying a difficult burden, rather than submitting to the will of another state. Our readiness to die for the city is the proof of our greatness. Turning to the surviving families of the dead, he admonishes and exalts them: “You must yourselves realize the power of Athens,” he tells the widows and children, “and feed your eyes upon her from day to day, till love of her fills your hearts; and then when all her greatness shall break upon you, you must reflect that it was by courage, sense of duty, and a keen feeling of honor in action that men were enabled to win all this.” So stirring are their deeds that the memory of their greatness is written in the hearts of men in faraway lands: “For heroes have the whole earth for their tomb.”
Athenian exceptionalism at its height, as the words of Pericles indicate, took deeds of war as proof of the worthiness of all that the city achieved apart from war. In this way, Athens was placed beyond comparison: nobody who knew it and knew other cities could fail to recognize its exceptional nature. This was not only a judgment inferred from evidence but an overwhelming sensation that carried conviction with it. The greatness of the city ought to be experienced, Pericles imagines, as a vision that “shall break upon you.”
Guilty Past, Innocent Future
To come closer to twenty-first-century America, consider how, in the Gettysburg Address , Abraham Lincoln gave an exceptional turn to an ambiguous past. Unlike Pericles, he was speaking in the midst of a civil war, not a war between rival states, and this partly explains the note of self-doubt that we may detect in Lincoln when we compare the two speeches. At Gettysburg, Lincoln said that a pledge by the country as a whole had been embodied in a single document, the Declaration of Independence. He took the Declaration as his touchstone, rather than the Constitution, for a reason he spoke of elsewhere: the latter document had been freighted with compromise. The Declaration of Independence uniquely laid down principles that might over time allow the idealism of the founders to be realized.
Athens, for Pericles, was what Athens always had been. The Union, for Lincoln, was what it had yet to become. He associated the greatness of past intentions -- “We hold these truths to be self-evident” -- with the resolve he hoped his listeners would carry out in the present moment: “It is [not for the noble dead but] rather for us to be here dedicated to the great task remaining before us -- that from these honored dead we take increased devotion to that cause for which they gave the last full measure of devotion -- that we here highly resolve that these dead shall not have died in vain -- that this nation, under God, shall have a new birth of freedom.”
This allegorical language needs translation. In the future, Lincoln is saying, there will be a popular government and a political society based on the principle of free labor. Before that can happen, however, slavery must be brought to an end by putting the country's resolution into practice. So Lincoln asks his listeners to love America for what it may become, not what it is. Their self-sacrifice on behalf of a possible future will serve as proof of the national greatness. He does not hide the stain of slavery that marred the Constitution; the imperfection of the founders is confessed between the lines.  But the logic of the speech implies, by a trick of grammar and perspective, that the Union was always pointed in the direction of the Civil War that would make it free.
Notice that Pericles’s argument for the exceptional city has here been reversed. The future is not guaranteed by the greatness of the past; rather, the tarnished virtue of the past will be scoured clean by the purity of the future.  Exceptional in its reliance on slavery, the state established by the first American Revolution is thus to be redeemed by the second. Through the sacrifice of nameless thousands, the nation will defeat slavery and justify its fame as the truly exceptional country its founders wished it to be.
Most Americans are moved (without quite knowing why) by the opening words of the Gettysburg Address: “Four score and seven years ago our fathers...” Four score and seven is a biblical marker of the life of one person, and the words ask us to wonder whether our nation, a radical experiment based on a radical “proposition,” can last longer than a single life-span. The effect is provocative. Yet the backbone of Lincoln’s argument would have stood out more clearly if the speech had instead begun: “Two years from now, perhaps three, our country will see a great transformation.” The truth is that the year of the birth of the nation had no logical relationship to the year of the “new birth of freedom.” An exceptional character, however, whether in history or story, demands an exceptional plot; so the speech commences with deliberately archaic language to ask its implicit question: Can we Americans survive today and become the school of modern democracy, much as Athens was the school of Hellas?
The Ties That Bind and Absolve
To believe that our nation has always been exceptional, as Pericles said Athens was, or that it will soon justify such a claim, as Lincoln suggested America would do, requires a suppression of ordinary skepticism. The belief itself calls for extraordinary arrogance or extraordinary hope in the believer. In our time, exceptionalism has been made less exacting by an appeal to national feeling based on the smallest and most vivid community that most people know: the family.  Governor Mario Cuomo of New York, in his keynote address at the 1984 Democratic convention, put this straightforwardly. America, said Cuomo, was like a family, and a good family never loses its concern for the least fortunate of its members. In 2011, President Obama, acceding to Republican calls for austerity that issued in the sequestration of government funds, told us that the national economy was just like a household budget and every family knows that it must pay its bills.
To take seriously the metaphor of the nation-as-family may lead to a sense of sentimental obligation or prudential worry on behalf of our fellow citizens. But many people think we should pursue the analogy further. If our nation does wrong, they say, we must treat it as an error and not a crime because, after all, we owe our nation unconditional love. Yet here the metaphor betrays our thinking into a false equation. A family has nested us, cradled us, nursed us from infancy, as we have perhaps done for later generations of the same family; and it has done so in a sense that is far more intimate than the sense in which a nation has fostered or nurtured us. We know our family with an individuated depth and authority that can’t be brought to our idea of a nation. This may be a difference of kind, or a difference of degree, but the difference is certainly great.
A subtle deception is involved in the analogy between nation and family; and an illicit transfer of feelings comes with the appeal to “unconditional love.” What do we mean by unconditional love, even at the level of the family? Suppose my delinquent child robs and beats an old man on a city street, and I learn of it by his own confession or by accident. What exactly do I owe him?
Unconditional love, in this setting, surely means that I can’t stop caring about my child; that I will regard his terrible action as an aberration. I will be bound to think about the act and actor quite differently from the way I would think about anyone else who committed such a crime. But does unconditional love also require that I make excuses for him? Shall I pay a lawyer to get him off the hook and back on the streets as soon as possible? Is it my duty to conceal what he has done, if there is a chance of keeping it secret? Must I never say what he did in the company of strangers or outside the family circle?
At a national level, the doctrine of exceptionalism as unconditional love encourages habits of suppression and euphemism that sink deep roots in the common culture. We have seen the result in America in the years since 2001. In the grip of this doctrine, torture has become “enhanced interrogation”; wars of aggression have become wars for democracy; a distant likely enemy has become an “ imminent threat ” whose very existence justifies an executive order to kill. These are permitted and officially sanctioned forms of collective dishonesty. They begin in quasi-familial piety, they pass through the systematic distortion of language, and they end in the corruption of consciousness. 
The commandment to “keep it in the family” is a symptom of that corruption. It follows that one must never speak critically of one’s country in the hearing of other nations or write against its policies in foreign newspapers. No matter how vicious and wrong the conduct of a member of the family may be, one must assume his good intentions. This ideology abets raw self-interest in justifying many actions by which the United States has revealingly made an exception of itself -- for example, our refusal to participate in the International Criminal Court. The community of nations, we declared, was not situated to understand the true extent of our constabulary responsibilities. American actions come under a different standard and we are the only qualified judges of our own cause.
The doctrine of the national family may be a less fertile source of belligerent pride than “my country right or wrong.” It may be less grandiose, too, than the exceptionalism that asks us to love our country for ideals that have never properly been translated into practice. And yet, in this appeal to the family, one finds the same renunciation of moral knowledge -- a renunciation that, if followed, would render inconceivable any social order beyond that of the family and its extension, the tribe.
Unconditional love of our country is the counterpart of unconditional detachment and even hostility toward other countries. None of us is an exception, and no nation is. The sooner we come to live with this truth as a mundane reality without exceptions, the more grateful other nations will be to live in a world that includes us, among others.
Follow TomDispatch on Twitter and join us on Facebook . Check out the newest Dispatch Book, Rebecca Solnit's Men Explain Things to Me , and Tom Engelhardt's just published book, Shadow Government: Surveillance, Secret Wars, and a Global Security State in a Single-Superpower World .
More:

$10B lost: Amazon delivers frustrationEMAIL
AP
It’s ironic the company that pioneered “frustration-free” packaging is drawing the intense frustration of investors.
Following Amazon.com’s (AMZN)  jaw-dropping bad third quarter and poor outlook for the fourth, the stock that investors gave a pass to for years is getting trampled. Shares of the online retailer closed down $26.12, or 8%, to $287.06 Friday. That decline wiped out more than $10 billion in market value in one day.
Amazon is a prime example of what happens when a stock that investors had been piling in no matter what finally loses its momentum and sense of infallibility. Investors, no longer willing to give it a pass, can, quickly and harshly, reevaluate what the company is really worth. Plus, when a company gets as big as Amazon, keeping growth rates high gets increasingly difficult. Apple increasingly  faces this issue.
Just look at how Amazon has done this year. Shares are down 29% from their highest point over the past 52 weeks, making one of the worst performers in the Standard & Poor’s 500. Despite the huge size of the loss, though, it still doesn’t rank among the biggest 11 corporate losses .
“Frustration with AMZN is reaching peak levels,” says Ross Sandler, analyst at Deutsche Bank, in a note to clients.
Analysts were quick to point out the aspects of Amazon that are most troubling, including:
* Weak revenue forecast for the fourth quarter. The guidance for 12.5% revenue growth is nowhere near what investors expect from Amazon, Sandler says. “Amazon’s largest markets are slowing and the company is hitting (the) law of large numbers,” he says.
* Spending is “out of control.” At least that’s what Michael Pachter of Wedbush Securities wrote in a note to clients. A recent $100 million spent on original online-streaming content during the quarter shows that management is intent on building that business, no matter the cost, Pachter says. Such spending will pressure the company’s operating margin, he says.
* No traction on Fire phone. The widely panned Fire phone dashes Amazon’s hopes of being a contender in the competitive smartphone market. A brutal $170 million inventory write-down on the phone hurt income, points out Chad Bartley, analyst at Pacific Crest, in a note to clients.
But some think Amazon’s weakness is temporary. Bartley, for one, says the stock is an opportunity. Bartley cut his revenue forecast for the fourth quarter, but bumped up his operating profit margin target.
Analysts still rate the stock “outperform” with an 18-month price target of $350 a share.

Marketing To Kids: Parents  Corporations Must Share ResponsibilityThis week, Value Village made a bold statement. The retail thrift giant stopped selling sexualizing Halloween costumes for preschoolers in response to my blog and public outcry .
Value Village exemplified corporate social responsibility. They showed that they care about their customers' concerns and, more importantly, that they care about the effects of the sexualization of children. They also care about their reputation.
On Wednesday, Toys R Us pulled "Breaking Bad" action figures after Florida mom Susan Schrivjer launched a Change.org petition. The collectible dolls are based on TV characters Walter White, a teacher turned meth dealer, and his sidekick Jesse Pinkman. The figures come complete with cash and drugs.
Toys R Us originally defended the sale of the dolls, saying they are only available in the adult section of the store and are for ages 15 and up. But following Value Village's response, Toys R Us changed its tune and announced that the devious duo was taking an "indefinite sabbatical," using a famous line from the show.
Parents have a lot to say about these stories. Many feel that the costumes and toys are harmless and that the corporations have no responsibility to set standards for society. They say if we think these products are inappropriate, we should speak with our wallets and not use our words.
We all know parents are ultimately responsible for guiding their children to their moral compass. But parental responsibility and corporate social responsibility are not mutually exclusive.
"Parents recognize that they should be the ones to set the standards that their children live by, but in some things they need more support," Reg Bailey writes in Letting Children be Children , a UK government review that explores the sexualization and commercialization of childhood. "In particular, parents need businesses and others to work with them and not against them."
Buy or boycott, products marketed to kids have an impact
I'm not buying the "if you don't like it, don't buy it" argument. Images have an impact whether or not you allow them into your home. The more we normalize corseted costumes and Daisy Dukes, the more our girls will be attracted to them. I can tell my daughter that the "firefighter goes to the fetish club" costume is inappropriate, but when she sees a happy girl her age on the packaging, she's getting mixed messages.
Similarly, Schrivjer doesn't think parents should be forced to have conversations about grownup issues, like drugs, before they're ready. As she explained on her petition page:
"Parents and grandparents around the world shop at Toys R Us, online and in stories, with their children and should not be forced to explain why a certain toy comes with a bag of highly dangerous and illegal drugs or why someone who sells those drugs deserves to be made into an action figure."
Authors Diane Levin and Jean Kilbourne write the following message to parents in their book, So Sexy So Soon :
"It's not fair that your job is made so much harder than it needs to be by the sexualized media and commercial culture. Too often you, the parents, are told that the problem of sexualized childhood is your fault: If you were doing your job right and could just learn to say no, then there wouldn't be a problem. Casting blame on parents is a smoke screen that diverts attention from where the blame rightfully belongs -- squarely on the shoulders of the purveyors of these media and marketing messages, those who exploit our children's developmental vulnerabilities by using sex to make huge profits."
Organizations' values should guide business practices
Organizations need to take stock of what they're selling and make sure it aligns with their values. Value Village calls itself a family destination for Halloween and its first core value is to embrace ethics, which obviously does not include promoting the sexualization of children. Value Village's business model is built on purchasing and reselling used clothing from nonprofit organizations, many of which work for the welfare of children and none of which support child exploitation. In this case, stakeholder values must also be considered.
Toys R Us says "keeping kids safe" is a core value. "We approach our business operations with responsibility and integrity, understanding the trust parents place in us to do the right thing and act as a reliable partner as they navigate the various stages of parenthood," the company says on its website. Does this involve dealing crack toys?
"Toys R Us is well known around the world for their vast selection of toys for children of all ages," Schrivjer writes."However their decision to sell a Breaking Bad doll, complete with a detachable sack of cash and a bag of meth, alongside children's toys is a dangerous deviation from their family friendly values."
Companies and society should foster a safe space for voicing concerns
If companies would actually respond to customer queries, perhaps parents wouldn't have to start petitions or write blogs to garner public support. When you go public, you put yourself out there, and not everyone is comfortable doing that. Many remain silent.
In his report, Bailey writes: "Parents have told us that they feel they cannot make their voices heard, and that they often lack the confidence to speak out on sexualization and commercialization issues for fear of being labelled a prude or out of touch."
I've been receiving hate mail for poo-pooing on provocative costumes for preschoolers and have been called much worse than a prude. For her part, Schrivjer was the subject of two clever and cutting tweets from Bryan Cranston, the actor who played White.
"I'm so mad, I'm burning my Florida Mom action figure in protest," he tweeted. After the toys were removed, he wrote: "Word on the street is that they were sent to Belize. Nicely played Florida Mom."
But, in the end, Schrivjer's message prevailed: Stay out of my territory.
ALSO ON HUFFPOST:

First Amendment vs. freedom of information lawBy Eugene Volokh October 24 Follow @volokhc
Sometimes the First Amendment guarantees access to public records (generally limited to court records). Often Freedom of Information Acts and Public Records Acts are seen as fulfilling broader First Amendment values, by facilitating speech about how the government operates. But in Thursday’s Roe v. Anderson (W.D. Wash. Oct. 23, 2014) , a federal district judge relied on the First Amendment to block a state public records request.
Washington law requires “erotic dancers” to get licenses, and the Washington Public Records Act apparently mandates the release of licenses generally, including these licenses. But the dancers, the district judge held, “have raised serious questions regarding whether” this violates their First Amendment rights, because revealing their names and other personal information can expose them to “harassment and threats to their physical safety.” (Compare Doe v. Reed (2010) , which applied First Amendment scrutiny to disclosure of the names of petition signers, though held that, given the government interests supporting such disclosure, the disclosure was indeed constitutional.) According to the Steve Maynard (Tacoma News Tribune) , the man who requested the names said “he was curious and he wants to pray for the strippers. ‘I would pray for those dancers by name,’ David Van Vleet said after the hearing. ‘I’m a Christian…. We have a right to pray for people.’”
I should note that this case might be relied on by analogy in Second Amendment cases, in situations where people try to use public records laws to get the names of registered gun owners, or of registered holders of gun carry licenses. (The Supreme Court said, in D.C. v. Heller (2008), that there is no constitutional right to concealed carry, but some courts — the Seventh and Ninth Circuit and the Illinois Supreme Court — have held that there is a constitutional right to some form of carry, and in some states a license is required for any sort of carrying.) It’s always uncertain, of course, how much courts will accept such analogies.
In any event, here are some excerpts from the opinion:
I. FINDINGS OF FACT …
10. Under PCC §§ 5.14.100 and 5.14.110, “managers” and “dancers” at an “erotic dance studio” are required to apply for and maintain managers and dancers licenses that are issued by the Auditor. Under PCC §§ 5.14.080 and 5.14.090, these licenses expire and are renewed on an annual basis.
11. Dancers at Dreamgirls at Fox’s identify themselves to patrons by a pseudonym commonly known as a “stage name”. The purpose of the stage name is to maintain the dancers’ privacy and to protect them from stalking, harassment, discrimination, public embarrassment, and violence when they are outside the club….
15. Defendants Anderson and Pierce County are subject to the requirements of the Washington Public Records Act, (hereinafter “PRA”) ….
16. The manager and dancer licenses issued and maintained by Defendant Anderson are “public records” as defined RCW §§ 42.17.020, subsections (36) and (42).
17. “Agencies” such as the Auditor’s Office and Defendant Pierce County are required by the PRA to disclose public records upon request to anyone making the request and disclosure of the records is mandatory. The only public records protected from disclosure are those specifically mentioned in a statutory exemption….
18…. “Agencies” are not permitted to inquire as to the purpose for which the record is sought.
19. The Court finds that there are no statutory exemptions in the PRA applicable to dancer and manager licenses issued and maintained pursuant to Chapter 5.14 of the Pierce County Code. The Auditor is required by the PRA to promptly disclose the licenses to anyone requesting them regardless of the requestor’s intended use once the licenses are obtained.
20. The Court finds that information contained on managers’ and dancers’ license, which includes the license holder’s true name and date of birth, can be used to obtain additional personal information about that that individual including their home address, telephone number and the names of their friends and family members. Much of this information is contained in public data bases that can be accessed via the Internet. Once the information contained on managers’ and dancers’ license is released to Defendant VanVleet, it could be used by him for any number of purposes and it could be widely disseminated to others who could use the information to harass and threaten individual mangers and dancers….
24. Plaintiffs Jane Roe 1, Jane Roe 2 and others similarly situated may discontinue their employment, may choose to work elsewhere, or may choose not to renew their licenses for fear of having their personal information disclosed….
27. On or September 22, 2014, the Pierce County Auditors Office sent written notice to all licensed managers and dancers at Dreamgirls at Fox’s informing them of Defendant Van Vleet’s public disclosure request and informing them that the documents sought by Van Vleet would disclosed to him unless a court order was obtained on or before October 17, 2014.
II. CONCLUSIONS OF LAW …
2. At all times material hereto, the Plaintiffs have been engaged and continue to be engaged in activities protected by the First Amendment to the United States Constitution.
3. Plaintiffs have raised serious questions regarding whether their First Amendment freedoms and their right to informational privacy would be violated by the disclosure of the requested records in their amended complaint.
4. Plaintiffs are likely to suffer irreparable injury unless a preliminary injunction is granted by the Court. Plaintiffs will suffer loss of their First Amendment rights and the fruits of the litigation will be irretrievably lost. Plaintiffs may suffer harassment and threats to their physical safety once their private information is disclosed.
5. The balance of the equities tip sharply in the Plaintiffs favor. Plaintiffs are faced with the loss of their First Amendment rights, deprivation of their right of privacy, and threats to their physical safety if their private information is disclosed. Defendants Anderson and Pierce County already have access to the information needed for maintaining the licensing scheme and will not be harmed if public disclosure is restrained pending trial on the merits. Defendant Van Vleet has no legitimate interest in the information sought by the public disclosure request and will not be harmed if public disclosure is restrained pending trial on the merits.
6. The Public has an interest in the protection of Plaintiffs’ First Amendment and privacy rights and the public interest is served by issuance of a preliminary injunction.
7. There is a likelihood of repetition unless a preliminary injunction is granted with respect to future similar requests.
ORDER …
Defendants Anderson and Pierce County are hereby enjoined from disclosing manager and dancer licenses, manager and dancer license applications, or any other personal identifying information of managers and dancers obtained pursuant to Chapter 5.14 of the Pierce County Code to Defendant David Allen Van Vleet or any member of the public pending final resolution of this matter in the District Court. The bond previously posted by the Plaintiffs shall remain the same.
Thanks to Aaron Caplan for the pointer.
Eugene Volokh teaches free speech law, religious freedom law, church-state relations law, a First Amendment Amicus Brief Clinic, and tort law, at UCLA School of Law, where he has also often taught copyright law, criminal law, and a seminar on firearms regulation policy.

GoPro stalling out on Wall Street 
Is GoPro falling to amateur status on Wall Street?
GoPro GPRO sank 9% to $71.91 Friday after Oppenheimer & Co. analyst Andrew Uerkwitz initiated coverage with an “underperform” rating  and a $45 price target, saying the company’s effort to become more media company than action-camera marketer will be difficult.
“There is a lot of excitement that GoPro is not only redefining a market, but creating a lifestyle brand,” Uerkwitz says in a research report. “However, having cutting edge hardware is not enough to do so; it’s about the customer engagement driven by the ecosystem. We do not see any media strategy evolving into a full-scale ecosystem. So while we think GoPro can define and grow a new market, a lack of product depth and applications lead us to believe the intrinsic value of the company is far less that what it is currently trading at.”
After Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba BABA , GoPro is the IPO darling of 2014; its popularity boosted by the outrageous videos users post on social media sites.  Following a June launch at $24, shares quickly rocketed to $98.47.
But GoPro began fizzling earlier this month after a report linked race car driver Michael Schumacher’s ski-accident brain injuries to a GoPro camera mounted to his helmet, followed by another drop  after GoPro founder Nicholas Woodman said he would gift 5.8 million shares to his charitable foundation.
Even with Friday’s selloff, shares are up nearly 200% since their debut. But while GoPro cameras may be hot holiday ticket items, the stock isn’t cheap, by most valuation standards. GoPro still sports a price-earnings ratio of 229. Average PE of Standard & Poors 500 companies: 19.
Follow story stocks on Twitter @gstrauss_
 

Out-of-patience investors sell off AmazonE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

TN hikes milk prices by Rs 10 a litreTN hikes milk prices by Rs 10 a litre
PTI
Tamil Nadu Chief Minister O. Paneerselvam
Chennai, Oct 25:  
The Tamil Nadu government today announced a rise in milk prices by Rs 10 a litre, following demands from milk producers to increase the procurement price.
The State Government had increased milk prices three years ago.
“... there should not be any disruption in the payments made to milk producers as well as no compromise on the quality of milk supplied to consumers, the Government is forced to announce this hike, after a period of three years,” Chief Minister O Panneerselvam said in a statement.
The Government was forced to hike the price of one litre toned milk from Rs 24 to Rs 34, he said.
Following the demands of over 22.5 lakh milk producers in the State, who cited a rise in fodder cost, cattle price and other costs as reasons, the Government has also increased the milk procurement price by Rs 5 and Rs 4 for cow and buffalo milk respectively.
With the new announcement, the procurement price for cow and buffalo milk would be Rs 28 from Rs 23 and Rs 35 from Rs 31 respectively, he said, adding, this would come into force by November 1 this year.
Panneerselvam also recalled the hike in procurement price of milk by Rs 3 since January 1 this year, which was not followed by any hike in milk price to consumers.
He blamed the previous DMK Government for having left the State-run milk supplier Aavin in a bad financial status.
(This article was published on October 25, 2014)
Related

Azim Premji  Shiv Nadar  Niraj Goel in Asian tech billionaire list; Alibaba s Jack Ma topsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

President Obama hugs the Ebola-free nurse on her releasePresident Obama hugs the Ebola-free nurse on her release
Cafe Coffee Day ordered to slam doors on QNet  associated firmsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Media must remove perception govt responsible for everything  says PM Narendra ModiE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

RSS article row: Writer Gopalakrishnan claims he was misquotedRSS article row: Writer Gopalakrishnan claims he was misquoted
Happy New Year posts highest collections ever  beats Dhoom 3Happy New Year posts highest collections ever  beats Dhoom 3
Congress morale low  Sonia and Rahul should speak more  says Chidambaram;politicos reactCongress morale low  Sonia and Rahul should speak more  says Chidambaram;politicos react
Revisit The Grit And Glamour Of  70s and  80s NYCreddit
Since the 1970s and 1980s, photographer Arlene Gottfried has captured the beastly city of New York in all its glory, from the muscle men of Brighton Beach to the sartorialists of Coney Island and the glam rockers of Madison Square Garden. " I don’t think they’re freaks, because then I’d be a freak, too ," she explained of her subjects to Vulture.
Angel & Woman on Boardwalk In Brighton Beach
The vintage exercise in documentary street photography captures the strange characters and inimitable moments that New Yorkers live for -- the many banalities that transform the city streets into a living circus, catwalk and stage. " My mother used to say ‘Arlene– just don’t wander!’ ," Gottfried told Lightbox. "Then I started wandering, but I got a camera because it gave it a little more meaning... a life of wandering is really what it all is."
Riis Nude Bay, Queens, NY
Over time, Gottfried's visual diary has accrued additional meaning, as relics of a New York that, in many ways, no longer exists. Her images chronicle the city's transformation and gentrification with a non-judgmental eye, capturing a select view of the infinite faces and stories that NYC has to offer. From questionable facial hair and fabulous outfit choices to young love and a flagrant weirdness, Gottfried's penchant for meandering results in incidental moments with a consequential aftertaste.
"It was such a big part of my life and a lot years went into it. You are a witness to certain things that are happy, sad and changes in the environment and those are all my experiences. If I got some memorable photographs and moments, then I feel very fortunate and I think that’s probably why I do it, and why the wandering has a meaning."
"Sometimes Overwhelming" runs from November 6 until December 20, 2014 at Daniel Cooney Fine Art in New York. Whet your palate with a preview below.
Brothers with Their Vines, Coney Island
Doorway In Soho, NY
Family In Car Coney Island, 1976
Guy With Radio, East 7th
Kissing on the Highway, Queens, NY
Lloyd Steir and Dogs at the Big Apple Circus, NY
Platform Boots, Madison Square Garden
Savage-Riders at The Puertican Day Parade, 1980
Also on HuffPost:

Festive season fails to enthuse realty market: JLLFestive season fails to enthuse realty market: JLL
V Rishi Kumar
Tweet
Hyderabad, Oct 24:  
The real estate market was not able to fully harness the benefits of market recovery, according to a top executive of global consultancy company Jones Lang Lasalle.
While the Indian real estate market is definitely in recovery mode again, it is evident that the festive season was not able to harness the market recovery. He further stated that the current market recovery will become visible over the next 12 months.
This is because the events that have catalysed the recovery such as the new government at the Centre, its pro-business policies, the encouraging Union Budget and the provisions it has announced favouring real estate, will need more time to bring their benefits to bear on the market, according to Anuj Puri, Chairman and Country Head, JLL India.
With the RBI holding on to current interest rates in favour of safeguarding against further inflationary trends, it will take several more months for the market to get into convincing forward momentum again, so the festive season did not bring the kind of momentum that was hoped for.
According to Puri, while demand exists, it is still held in abeyance due to various economic factors, including the natural lag between the announcement and implementation of Government policy catalysts.
Reduced pricing
Reduced pricing could potentially induce some further sales momentum in certain pockets, but it is not likely to happen as developers are not keen on signalling a correction, especially when demand is waiting in the wings. New projects are in any case being announced at lower rates.
Prior to the general elections, developers had launched many projects to gain a competitive advantage, and in anticipation of a recovery in market conditions after the polls.
However, the launches did not really pick up post elections, as residential property buyers continued to remain cautious. This is actually positive, because in a healthy market environment, supply needs to take its cues from on-ground demand.
Sales during this festive season have remained uninspiring despite attractive pricing schemes and discounts that developers have been offering to attract buyers. He, however, felt that the current scenario is no way indicative of what lies ahead for the real estate market, for which the outlook remains very much positive.
(This article was published on October 24, 2014)
Related

Chidambaram on non-Gandhi Congress chief: "I think so. Someday yes"parties and movements
He also says the reorganisation of the party was due.
Senior Congress leader P. Chidambaram on Friday said that Sonia Gandhi and Rahul Gandhi should “speak more” and put in action a timetable that would enable the party to play the role of “true opposition” at a time when the morale of party cadres is “pretty low”.
He also said that the reorganisation of the party was due for the larger task of being an “effective, strong and robust opposition” to the government.
Mr. Chidambaram said that Congress president Sonia Gandhi was “numero uno” in the organisation and that the decision in Jaipur in January 2013 to make Rahul Gandhi vice-president was “perhaps the correct decision”.
Steering clear of questions about clamour within a section of the party for Priyanka Gandhi, he urged the Congress president and the vice-president “to speak more. I would urge them to address more rallies, urge them to meet the media...”
“I agree that Congress (cadres’) morale is pretty low. But I don’t agree that the morale cannot be lifted. Direction cannot be given...I am sure the Congress leadership has a timetable.
“I would urge again that timetable be shortened and we get on with the job of a reorganising the party and getting on with the job of being true opposition,” he told NDTV, replying to a question about doubts being expressed about Rahul Gandhi’s leadership.
Asked can a non-Gandhi become the Congress president, he said, “I think so. Someday yes”, but was quick to add, “I do not know” when asked about the timeline for such an eventuality.
“I am too old to aspire for anything now,” he, at the same time, said.
His remarks have come at a time when the process of organisational elections has been set in motion, which will culminate into the election of the new party Chief by July end next year. Sonia Gandhi is the longest serving party chief being at the helm since March 1998.
To a question as to why the party was over-dependent on one family to lead it, he said, “It so happens that he (Rahul Gandhi) belongs to that family but that does not mean other younger leaders cannot emerge. After all Sachin Pilot has emerged.”

FIR against French filmmakers for trespassing into Jarawa reservePort Blair, October 24, 2014
Updated: October 24, 2014 18:54 IST
FIR against French filmmakers for trespassing into Jarawa reserve
PTI
Tweet
The Hindu
File photo of vehicles moving into a territory belonging to the Jarawa tribe in the Andaman islands. Law bans making any contact with Jarawa tribes, including shooting photos or videos. Photo: R. Ravindran
TOPICS
social issue
They were making a documentary ‘Organic Jarawa’
Two French filmmakers have been booked on the charge of trespassing into the protected Jarawa tribal reserve in the Andaman islands and filming a documentary on the threatened aboriginal tribe.
“We have filed an FIR against French director Alexandre Dereims and producer Claire Beilvert for violating the law of the land. Entering the Jarawa area is banned and so are making any contact with them or shooting any photo or video,” the union territory’s Tribal Welfare Secretary Theva Neethi Dhas told PTI on Friday.
“The police are investigating the matter and gathering evidences against them. If the charges are proved, it could lead to three years of imprisonment, besides a fine,” the Secretary said.
He said two local inhabitants have been arrested for allegedly helping the filmmakers to enter the Jarawa area.
The case was registered on October 19 while the incident is said to have happened during March-April.
The matter came to light only when the Andaman Adim Janjati Vikas Samiti (AAJVS) reported the matter to the administration.
Mr. Dhas said they had already sent notices to the filmmakers, who have returned to their homeland, asking them to restrain from releasing any visual related to the Jarawas.
The administration will also ask the Ministry of External Affairs to take up the matter with the French government, he said.
Charges against the two French filmakers include violation of Protection of the Aboriginal Tribes (Amendment) Act 2012, Foreigners Amendment Act 2004, and Information Technology Act.
Under post-production stage now, the film ‘Organic Jarawa’ is about Utchu, a two-year-old Jarawa boy, his family and friends.

PM  senior BJP leaders to attend Manohar Lal Khattars swearing-inceremonyBy: Press Trust of India | Chandigarh | Posted: October 25, 2014 4:26 pm
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and senior BJP leaders will attend the oath-taking ceremony of Manohar Lal Khattar as chief minister of Haryana at Panchkula on Sunday.
“Prime Minister, BJP chief Amit Shah, some Union Cabinet Ministers, CMs of the BJP ruled states and senior leaders among others would attend the function tomorrow,” Haryana BJP spokesman Vir Kumar Yadav said here today.
Punjab Chief Minister Parkash Singh Badal would also attend the oath taking ceremony of the Khattar at Panchkula in Haryana, about 20 km from Chandigarh.
Among other leaders, outgoing Chief Minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda had also been invited.
The venue of the oath-taking ceremony, which was earlier Tau Devi Lal stadium, has been shifted to Panchkula’s HUDA ground in Sector 5.
Elaborate arrangements have been made for Sunday’s function, which in addition to the presence of top dignitaries is going to see huge rush of the BJP workers.
Haryana Chief Secretary Shakuntala Jakhu and Director General of Police S N Vashisht, Panchkula’s Deputy Commissioner S S Phulia held a meeting to review the arrangements for the function.
Senior Haryana BJP leaders also remained huddled in a meeting on Saturday to ensure that the event passes off smoothly.
Tight security measures were being put in place, with over 3,000 cops being deployed. Haryana BJP leaders claim that nearly 1 lakh people were expected to attend the function.
Roads leading to the HUDA ground were being given a facelift.
The Prime Minister will land at the Chandigarh Airport from where he will drive down to the venue, officials said.
In a departure from the past, the venue for the oath-taking function has been kept at Panchkula, which earlier used to be Chandigarh, the common capital of both Haryana and Punjab.
BJP has created history by coming to power on its own for the first time in Haryana, since its inception in 1966.
In the 90 member Haryana assembly, BJP bagged 47 seats, INLD 19 and its ally SAD 1, Congress 15, Haryana Janhit Congress (HJC BL) 2, BSP 1 and five independents romped home victorious.

Election Commission announces poll schedule for J&K JharkhandPrint
Chief Election Commissioner V.S. Sampath addresses a press conference in New Delhi on Saturday. (Source: PTI)
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 25, 2014 4:44 pm | Updated: October 26, 2014 2:23 pm
The Election Commission on Saturday announced five-phase polls in Jammu & Kashmir and Jharkhand, which will take place between November 23 and December 20. The counting of votes will take place on December 23.
While the ruling National Conference had expressed reservations over holding of elections in flood-ravaged J&K at this time, the EC decided to go ahead after consultations with all political parties and the authorities concerned.
Said Chief Election Commissioner V S Sampath, “Except for one political party, most of the political parties (in Jammu and Kashmir) are in favour of holding elections on time. They said there is no reason, no justification for delaying the polls. The EC’s mandate is to hold elections on time.”
While he did not take any names, the NC has publicly called for postponing the elections.
Soon after the EC announcement, Chief Minister Omar Abdullah tweeted his displeasure. “While the NC was keen to rehabilitate the flood-affected people before anyone else’s political rehabilitation the EC felt differently,” he wrote.
“Now with election dates announced, there is no question of not contesting the forthcoming polls… We will put our best foot forward,” he tweeted.
READ: EC announces schedule for Delhi bypolls
Polling in both J&K (87 seats) and Jharkhand (81 seats) will take place over November 25, December 2, 9, 14 and 20. With the announcement of elections, the model code of conduct comes into effect immediately. While last time J&K had seen seven-phase polls, Naxal-hit Jharkhand had then too seen elections over five phases.
The six-year term of the current Jammu and Kashmir Assembly ends on January 19. The term of the Jharkhand House also gets over in January.
Asked whether this was the right decision to hold polls in J&K given the devastation caused by the floods, Sampath said the calamity would have no “special impact” on the elections.
The post-flood situation, along with other aspects like climate, festivals and the law and order situation, had been taken into account while deciding the poll schedule, Sampath said.
EC officials added that the model code of conduct will not come in the way of relief and rehabilitation work in J&K, since the state government will be following norms of compensation prescribed by government rules.
The commission also said they have “contingency plans” to hold polls along the Line of Control and International Boundary, in case of continued ceasefire violations by Pakistan. These include setting up polling stations 2 km deep into Indian side.
Voters in the state will not need identity documents to vote if their names and photographs are on the electoral rolls. “Moreover, we will also issue voters’ slips,” an official said.
The NC said the need of the hour was “to focus on relief and rehabilitation” than elections. He admitted the NC was in the minority on this, but added that it was because it put peoples’ welfare over politics. “The party continued…

RSS  BJP blame Jawaharlal Nehru for Mahatma Gandhi assassinationE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Four of a family stabbed to death inDehradunPrint
By: Express News Service | Dehradun | Posted: October 25, 2014 5:22 pm | Updated: October 25, 2014 6:25 pm
Harmeet Singh, 22, who allegedly stabbed to death four members of his family — his father Jai Singh, his stepmother Kulwant, his father’s adopted daughter Harjeet, 29, and Harjeet’s daughter Sukhmani, 3 yrs — in a house in Dehradun city’s Adarsh Nagar area on the night of Diwali festival, was produced before the court and subsequently, sent to jail on Saturday. He was sent to judicial remand for 14 days.
Police confirmed that Harjeet, whom Jai had adopted as his daughter, was pregnant. Harjeet had recently come to Jai’s house in Dehradun for delivering her third child. Her five-year-old Kanwaljeet son was also allegedly attacked by the accused Harmeet. However, he survived in this incident. All four persons were killed when they were asleep.
Jai, who was in the advertising business, had married two women and the accused Harmeet is his son from his second wife Anita who currently stays in UP’s Saharanpur city.  As per the police theory, Harmeet’s fear was that his father might transfer his properties to Harjeet who he (his father Jai) had adopted as his daughter.
The incident came to light on Friday morning after the domestic help had reached the house. Police said Harmeet had asked her to return from there on the plea that there was no water at home. She smelt foul play and shared it with Jai’s some neighbors. Police reached the house and recovered the bodies.
“Jai Singh was killed with brutality. There were several injury marks on his bodies,” the station house officer of Cantt police station V K Jetha recalled. He added police are examining the CDR (Call Detail Records) of the cell-phone. He confirmed that police have recovered the weapons which were used in this crime.
Police sources said Jai had ended relation with his second wife, whose son is the accused Harmeet, following a legal settlement. “After legal settlement about nine years back, Harmeet started living with his father Jai Singh in Dehradun. His mother stays in Sahranpur,” a source in the Dehradun police said.
Police are now on the job to collect evidences in support of its theory behind the killings of all the four persons. “We would interrogate Jai’s neighbors to collect information about the possibility of other persons’ involvement in this incident. Some neighbors told us that Jai was last seen around 11.30 pm on the night of Diwali festival,” a source in the Cannt police station said.

Union Transport Minister Nitin Gadkari caught on camera riding withouthelmetPrint
Union Minister for Transport and Shipping Nitin Gadkari leaves after meeting RSS Chief Mohan Bhagwat at RSS headquarters in Nagpur, Maharashtra on Saturday.(PTI)
By: Press Trust of India | Nagpur | Posted: October 25, 2014 5:15 pm | Updated: October 25, 2014 5:23 pm
Union Transport and Highways Minister Nitin Gadkari on Saturday rode into a controversy when he was caught on camera entering RSS headquarters here on his scooter without wearing a helmet in violation of traffic rules.
TV channels showed the 58-year-old BJP MP from Nagpur riding his white-coloured scooter to the Sangh headquarters in Mahal area of the city to meet RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat amid efforts by the party to form government in Maharashtra.
When pointed out by journalists about him having violated the rules, Gadkari refused to comment and entered the premises with a man riding pillion and another scooter in tow.
Congress general secretary Digvijay Singh strongly reacted to Gadkari’s action, saying it reflected the “attitude of the leader and the party”.
“It is a very small thing and for anyone else it wouldn’t have mattered…for the transport minister of the government of India, who is violating the law which he had to be enforcing, then it does make a difference,” he said.
“This reflects the attitude of the leader and the party, whether they believe in following the rules or not,” he said. One of the TV news channels claimed the former BJP chief was earlier caught on camera riding a scooter without wearing helmet in December last year when he was not a Cabinet Minister.
With the shoe on the other foot now, it was not immediately known if Nagpur police was contemplating booking the Union Minister for violating traffic rules. According to Nagpur traffic police website, wearing helmet is compulsory and violators will be charged Rs 100 under Section 177 of the M V Act-1988.

Funds for Swach Bharat Kosh fall under CSR ambitFunds for Swach Bharat Kosh fall under CSR ambit
Cong slams BJP over controversial piece  asks Modi to clarifyCong slams BJP over controversial piece  asks Modi to clarify
Preventive health care should be given importance: ModiPreventive health care should be given importance: Modi
PM inaugurates Reliance Foundation HospitalPM inaugurates Reliance Foundation Hospital
Happy New Year earns Rs 44.97 cr  beats Dhoom 3Happy New Year earns Rs 44.97 cr  beats Dhoom 3
Putin in hurry to invade Ukraine over rumoured cancer fearsPutin in hurry to invade Ukraine over rumoured cancer fears
Three  including two students  held for murderThree  including two students  held for murder
Gear S: The smartwatch that can make calls without a smartphoneThe Gear S has a 2-inch super AMOLED screen and uses a dual core processor running at 1GHz. The smartwatch is powered by a Tizen-based OS.
PHOTO: Reuters

Apple ponders sapphire options  leaves door open for GTE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Here Are America s Fastest-Growing Inner City Businessesreddit
Initiative for a Competitive Inner City (ICIC) and FORTUNE recently announced a group of 100 businesses selected for the 2014 Inner City 100, a list of the fastest-growing inner city businesses in the U.S. According to ICIC research, businesses located in inner cities experience unique competitive advantages, as they create three times more new jobs for inner city residents in comparison to businesses located in other parts of the region.
While this program has a16-year history, 2014 was the first year that the Inner City 100 was comprised of 10 fast-growing businesses segmented into 10 industry categories. The 10 winners within each category were ranked according to revenue growth both as it compared to their industry peers, as well as to all other businesses on the list.
This year's winners included Gourmet Gorilla , an industrial kitchen launched by husband and wife pair Jason Weedon and Danielle Hziric in 2009 to fulfill their shared aspirations to bring healthier meals to Chicago-area public schools. Gourmet Gorilla plays a significant role in the health and education of the greater Chicago community, and nearly 50% of their business comes from low-income districts. Danielle and Jason's efforts to encourage healthy eating in schools have led to positive results benefitting both the company's mission and its bottom line. Since their founding year, company revenues have skyrocketed at a gross growth rate of 1251%, earning Gourmet Gorilla the top spot on the Food & Beverage top ten list, and a third place spot overall on the 2014 Inner City 100 list. Danielle also participated in the inaugural Chicago class of Goldman Sachs' 10,000 Small Businesses Program .
In advance of Thursday's awards ceremony celebrating all winners, Jason and Danielle attended a two-day small business Symposium hosted by ICIC, which assembled CEOs from almost 250 companies across the country. This event included high profile business management case studies presented by Harvard Business School professors, peer-to-peer learning sessions led by CEOs of fast-growing firms, and even a reunion gathering specifically orchestrated for 10,000 Small Businesses alumni from across the country.
Graduates of 10,000 Small Businesses are represented on nine out of the 10 business industry categories on the 2014 Inner City 100. The training and skills these 14 business owners have each gained also led to actionable results. The average gross growth rate of winners connected to the 10,000 Small Businesses program between 2009 and 2013 was an impressive 365%, as compared to a 336% average gross growth rate for all 100 winners in the same time period.
10,000 Small Businesses alumni featured in the 2014 Inner City 100 created 320 new jobs within the last five years, 242 of which were within the local community. Of these 14 companies, all who pursued options for access to capital in 2013 were successful, and on the whole the group of 14 generated $57.9 million in 2013 revenues in the aggregate, $4.1 million on average.
The rankings of the 14 2014 Inner City 100 winners who were also were 10,000 Small Businesses Alumni is as follows: (See the full Inner City 100 list in FORTUNE .)
Gourmet Gorilla (Chicago, IL)

Indian  Chinese Entrepreneurs Lead Asia Tech Billionaire ListIndian  Chinese Entrepreneurs Lead Asia Tech Billionaire List
Iran hangs woman convicted of killing alleged rapistIran hangs woman convicted of killing alleged rapist
Netaji deputy  Nehru aide was Soviet spy: UK documentsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Parties in Jharkhand gear up for assembly pollsParties in Jharkhand gear up for assembly polls
Vladimir Putin Russian government approves law to clamp down on offshore tax shelteringVladimir Putin Russian government approves law to clamp down on offshore tax sheltering
RIP Nokia: 9 Milestone Nokia Handsets that Changed Mobile Phones ForeverRIP Nokia: 9 Milestone Nokia Handsets that Changed Mobile Phones Forever
Union Transport Minister Nitin Gadkari caught on camera riding without helmetPrint
Union Minister for Transport and Shipping Nitin Gadkari leaves after meeting RSS Chief Mohan Bhagwat at RSS headquarters in Nagpur, Maharashtra on Saturday.(PTI)
By: Press Trust of India | Nagpur | Posted: October 25, 2014 5:15 pm | Updated: October 25, 2014 5:23 pm
Union Transport and Highways Minister Nitin Gadkari on Saturday rode into a controversy when he was caught on camera entering RSS headquarters here on his scooter without wearing a helmet in violation of traffic rules.
TV channels showed the 58-year-old BJP MP from Nagpur riding his white-coloured scooter to the Sangh headquarters in Mahal area of the city to meet RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat amid efforts by the party to form government in Maharashtra.
When pointed out by journalists about him having violated the rules, Gadkari refused to comment and entered the premises with a man riding pillion and another scooter in tow.
Congress general secretary Digvijay Singh strongly reacted to Gadkari’s action, saying it reflected the “attitude of the leader and the party”.
“It is a very small thing and for anyone else it wouldn’t have mattered…for the transport minister of the government of India, who is violating the law which he had to be enforcing, then it does make a difference,” he said.
“This reflects the attitude of the leader and the party, whether they believe in following the rules or not,” he said. One of the TV news channels claimed the former BJP chief was earlier caught on camera riding a scooter without wearing helmet in December last year when he was not a Cabinet Minister.
With the shoe on the other foot now, it was not immediately known if Nagpur police was contemplating booking the Union Minister for violating traffic rules. According to Nagpur traffic police website, wearing helmet is compulsory and violators will be charged Rs 100 under Section 177 of the M V Act-1988.

Election Commission announces poll schedule for J&K  JharkhandPrint
Chief Election Commissioner V.S. Sampath addresses a press conference in New Delhi on Saturday. (Source: PTI)
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 25, 2014 4:44 pm | Updated: October 26, 2014 2:23 pm
The Election Commission on Saturday announced five-phase polls in Jammu & Kashmir and Jharkhand, which will take place between November 23 and December 20. The counting of votes will take place on December 23.
While the ruling National Conference had expressed reservations over holding of elections in flood-ravaged J&K at this time, the EC decided to go ahead after consultations with all political parties and the authorities concerned.
Said Chief Election Commissioner V S Sampath, “Except for one political party, most of the political parties (in Jammu and Kashmir) are in favour of holding elections on time. They said there is no reason, no justification for delaying the polls. The EC’s mandate is to hold elections on time.”
While he did not take any names, the NC has publicly called for postponing the elections.
Soon after the EC announcement, Chief Minister Omar Abdullah tweeted his displeasure. “While the NC was keen to rehabilitate the flood-affected people before anyone else’s political rehabilitation the EC felt differently,” he wrote.
“Now with election dates announced, there is no question of not contesting the forthcoming polls… We will put our best foot forward,” he tweeted.
READ: EC announces schedule for Delhi bypolls
Polling in both J&K (87 seats) and Jharkhand (81 seats) will take place over November 25, December 2, 9, 14 and 20. With the announcement of elections, the model code of conduct comes into effect immediately. While last time J&K had seen seven-phase polls, Naxal-hit Jharkhand had then too seen elections over five phases.
The six-year term of the current Jammu and Kashmir Assembly ends on January 19. The term of the Jharkhand House also gets over in January.
Asked whether this was the right decision to hold polls in J&K given the devastation caused by the floods, Sampath said the calamity would have no “special impact” on the elections.
The post-flood situation, along with other aspects like climate, festivals and the law and order situation, had been taken into account while deciding the poll schedule, Sampath said.
EC officials added that the model code of conduct will not come in the way of relief and rehabilitation work in J&K, since the state government will be following norms of compensation prescribed by government rules.
The commission also said they have “contingency plans” to hold polls along the Line of Control and International Boundary, in case of continued ceasefire violations by Pakistan. These include setting up polling stations 2 km deep into Indian side.
Voters in the state will not need identity documents to vote if their names and photographs are on the electoral rolls. “Moreover, we will also issue voters’ slips,” an official said.
The NC said the need of the hour was “to focus on relief and rehabilitation” than elections. He admitted the NC was in the minority on this, but added that it was because it put peoples’ welfare over politics. “The party continued…

Station names to change  railway codes will remainUpdated: October 25, 2014 18:49 IST
Station names to change, railway codes will remain
Renuka Phadnis
Bangalore
Railway authorities here are yet to receive directions on implementing the change in names of cities in the State. While names on railway stations, electronic information boards and tickets will change, the code that Railways uses for cities will remain.
Anil Kumar Agarwal, Divisional Railway Manager, Bangalore, South Western Railway, said revising the old names “will be an expensive affair”, but added that the Railways’ unique code for cities have never been changed, even in the past.
Prakash Mandoth, former member of the Zonal Railway Users’ Consultative Meetings of Southern Railway, Chennai, said, the code will remain the same as it is like a vehicle number given by the RTO. But the other changes could happen after the government sends a copy of the gazette notification, with change in names to the Railways.
“Tickets are electronic today, and changing names should be easy. Even platform tickets are computerised,” he said.
K.P. Krishnaprasad, a regular commuter said that when Bezwada became Vijayawada, its code remained BZA and when Waltair became Visakhapatnam (Vizag), its code remained WAT. A member of the Indian Railway Fans Club (IRFCA) said, “Indian Railways seems to have no specific policy for changing codes when changing names of stations.” When Bombay Victoria Terminus was renamed Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus, the code changed from BBVT to CSTM, but Mumbai Central retains its BCT code.

Google vice president jumps from stratosphere beating world recordGoogle vice president jumps from stratosphere beating world record
Court remands 5 to 14 days  jcCourt remands 5 to 14 days  jc
Politicos slam RSS mouthpiece after it suggests Godse should have targeted NehruPoliticos slam RSS mouthpiece after it suggests Godse should have targeted Nehru
Day 1: Happy New Year beats Dhoom: 3 collectionsDay 1: Happy New Year beats Dhoom: 3 collections
IRB Infrastructure DevelopersCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Valuations  fundamentals favour fixed incomeValuations, fundamentals favour fixed income
Rahul Goswami
The RBI has held key rates, but macroeconomic developments make a case for investing in long duration funds
October 19, 2014:  
With valuations and macro-fundamentals in favour, there lies a strong case for investing in fixed income at this point in time.
Currently, the Indian economy is in much better shape, with a stable current account deficit (CAD), downward-looking inflation, higher forex reserves and growth impulses picking up. Macroeconomic improvement and fiscal prudence could bring down interest rates over the next two to three years, building a case for investing in the debt market.
Yet, the RBI maintained status quo on repo, reverse repo and MSF rates in its monetary policy review. The policy came through with some positives on held-to-maturity (HTM) and liquidity coverage ratio (LCR) norms for banks. While the RBI looked more confident on meeting the inflation target of 8 per cent by January 2015, we believe that CPI inflation may touch 6 per cent earlier than the RBI expectation of January 2016. A bout of optimism can be derived from the latest inflation numbers.
Rewards for persistence
Apart from inflation, factors such as CAD, fiscal deficit and liquidity are also tilting in favour of debt markets. In the April-June quarter (2013-14), the CAD moderated to 1.7 per cent from 4.8 per cent of GDP last year and is expected to be maintained at 1.5 per cent this year.
The narrowing CAD translates into higher savings in the economy, paving the way for lower inflation and interest rates. Furthermore, the Government has set the fiscal deficit target for this financial year at 4.1 per cent of GDP, giving a roadmap for lowering it to 3 per cent over the next three years.
India is also undergoing a liquidity-driven economic cycle, with substantial FII inflows across debt and equity markets. The improvement in liquidity may keep the overall yield curve in check and bond yields at lower levels. Expect the 10-year benchmark yield to be about 150 bps lower from current levels by the second quarter of CY2016.
A value proposition
The RBI delaying the monetary softening is clearly providing the time to investors to increase allocations toward fixed income. The Indian fixed income market has valuations as well as macro-fundamentals in its favour. This makes a strong case for investing in long-duration funds for attractive returns in the next two to three years.
The writer is CIO-Fixed Income, ICICI Prudential AMC
(This article was published on October 19, 2014)
Related

All you need to know about Apple PayUpdated: October 21, 2014 12:47 IST
All you need to know about Apple Pay
AP
Reuters
Although security measures are never foolproof, the Apple Pay system is safer than many current pay methods.
SLIDESHOW
technology (general)
Apple’s mobile payment system, Apple Pay, made its debut on Monday. The new system allows you to flash your iPhone in the checkout line to pay for food, clothing and other goods. But don’t leave your wallet or purse behind quite yet. Despite a few dozen retail chains pledging support for Apple Pay, so-called contactless payments are still new. Smaller merchants, in particular, aren’t likely to have the necessary equipment right away.
Q. What do I need to use Apple Pay?
A. To fully use Apple Pay, you’ll need an iPhone 6 or iPhone 6 Plus with iOS 8.1, a free software update released on Monday. You’ll also get some online-only features with the iPad Air 2 and iPad Mini 3 coming out later this week. Older devices won’t work, even with the 8.1 update.
You’ll also need a credit card that works with Apple Pay. Major credit card issuers such as American Express, Bank of America, Capital One, Chase, Citibank and Wells Fargo are backing Apple Pay. Apple says more than 500 banks are participating, representing about 83 percent of the card volume in the U.S.
To get started, use the Passbook app or go to “Passbook & Apple Pay” in the settings.
Q. Is it secure?
A. Although security measures are never foolproof, the Apple Pay system is safer than many current pay methods.
For one thing, a substitute account number is assigned when you set up Apple Pay. Merchants get that instead of your real card number. In addition, a verification code is created for each transaction, based in part on unique keys on the phone. Even if hackers get that substitute number, they wouldn’t be able to generate the verification code without having possession of your phone, so fraudulent transactions would be declined.
Other services are starting to use one-time verification codes, too, but not all of them use the substitute account number. By using that substitute, a credit card issuer could cancel the number just for the phone, should you lose it. You wouldn’t need to replace the entire card.
Q. Where can I use Apple Pay?
A. Most retail stores that accept contactless payments should be able to use Apple Pay, as well as Google Wallet, Softcard and other services that are based on a wireless-chip technology called near-field communication, or NFC. It’s possible that some stores have the hardware in place, but haven’t turned on the functionality yet. The debut of Apple Pay is likely to prompt those merchants to do so.
A few dozen chains, including Macy’s, McDonald’s, Subway and Whole Foods, are expected to accept Apple Pay right away, though some of their stores might not be ready yet. Other retailers expected to do so by the end of the year include Staples, Urban Outfitters and Walt Disney Parks and Resorts.
Apple is distributing logos to merchants that accept Apple Pay, similar to symbols for Visa and MasterCard, though the lack of a logo doesn’t necessarily mean Apple Pay isn’t accepted.
In addition, you can use Apple Pay to make online purchases within apps, without having to enter card numbers, billing addresses and other information. It’s up to merchants to enable this with app updates. Groupon, OpenTable, Staples and Target are among the initial ones to do so. You’ll see a button for “Apple Pay” or “Buy with Apple Pay.” The new iPads will be able to make in-app payments, but they lack NFC chips for in-store payments.
Q. What about smaller merchants?
A. Dry cleaners, local restaurants and other smaller businesses are less likely to have the equipment ready. All told, there are more than 200,000 payment terminals in the U.S. capable of making “contactless” transactions, but that’s out of several million.
Starting late next year, merchants will be liable for fraudulent transactions if they don’t have equipment with an enhanced security system called EMV. Because merchants have to upgrade equipment to EMV anyway, they can get the NFC capability for not much more.
But many equipment makers hesitated because demand for NFC hasn’t been clear. Soon after Apple announced support, iPad-based retail payment system ShopKeep decided to start including NFC and plans to distribute new equipment to its 10,000 merchants over the next year. Other equipment makers are expected to do the same.
Q. Do I have to pay to use it?
A. Apple hasn’t said much about how it plans to make money from Apple Pay transactions, but it’s safe to say that credit card companies would be the ones covering any fees. Card companies might factor in those costs in the regular fees that consumers and merchants pay. However, those companies might be able to use savings from fraud reduction to cover any Apple Pay costs.
Q. How does this differ from other contactless systems?
A. Most noticeable will be the use of the fingerprint ID sensor to authorize transactions. Right now, it’s easy to pull out a plastic credit card, so any mobile-payment system will have to be just as easy. That can’t be said when you have to spend time typing in a passcode at the checkout line. The fingerprint ID lets you bypass that with one tap.

Canada vows crackdown on terrorismCanada PM vows crackdown against terror after attacks
Robert Wright in Ottawa and Anna Nicolaou in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4876e152-5a7c-11e4-8625-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Canadian PM faces pressure over radicalsCanadian PM faces pressure over domestic extremists
Robert Wright in Ottawa and Geoff Dyer in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/97ce6ba8-5ad6-11e4-8625-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

AIBEA urges PM to fill up top posts in banksAIBEA urges PM to fill up top posts in banks
K R Srivats
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 24:  
Bank employees have urged the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, to take "expeditious" steps to fill up the top posts in several public sector banks (PSBs), which are headless.
Currently, the post of Chairman and Managing Director remain "unfilled" in as many as six PSBs, AIBEA General Secretary C H Venkatachalam has said in a letter to Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
PSBs, where the posts of CMD remain vacant, are United Bank of India, Canara Bank, Syndicate Bank, Indian Overseas Bank, Bank of Baroda and Oriental Bank of Commerce.
Also, the post of executive director in Allahabad Bank, Andhra Bank, UCO Bank, and Union Bank of India remain "unfilled", the AIBEA letter said.
The All India Bank Employees Association ( AIBEA) is a premier trade union organisation of bank employees in the country.
(This article was published on October 24, 2014)
Related

New U.S. home sales rise 0.2% after August revisionReal Estate Sales
New U.S. home sales rise 0.2% after August revision
New home sales in the United States were little changed in September after a 7.5 percent revision to August data. Bloomberg's Mia Saini and Michael McKee break down the numbers.
New home sales in the United States were little changed in September after a 7.5 percent revision to August data. Bloomberg's Mia Saini and Michael McKee break down the numbers.

Dylan Thomas: A poet unlike any other© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d6be442e-5913-11e4-a722-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Hello  BT automaton. Kafka here...Hello, BT automaton. Kafka here . . .
Robert Shrimsley
I already need fingerprint evidence just to use my own phone. What next? Retinal scans to use the toaster?
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/03d5e60e-5a47-11e4-8771-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Taxes  jobs top concerns in DuPage County Board races0
"The (property tax) increases are out of control," he said. "We're completely out of line with any of the other states."
A fan of local control, Wiley dismissed solely consolidating functions within county government. He also hopes to "bring back the jobs, find ways to reduce regulations and just make it easier to do business in Illinois."
Board veteran John Curran, R-Woodridge, who is running for re-election in District 3, said he wants the county to take more steps to share services and partner with municipalities or neighboring counties.
"We want to continue that record of no property tax (increases) going forward," he said.
Two candidates cited DuPage's growing diversity as an important key to its economic vitality. A retired TV news anchor and reporter who later ran a drug and alcohol treatment center, Downers Grove resident and Democrat Pamela Miles, who is challenging Curran, said the board needs to reflect its community better to make better decisions.
"I don't feel we can go another four years without a more diverse board," said Miles, who is African-American. "If you have some knowledge on balancing the budget but you don't have empathy and compassion and can't relate to your residents, it's not going to help."
And Regina Drucilla Brent of Aurora, a Democrat who is challenging District 5 incumbent Tonia Khouri, said "it's up to the multiethnic community to run candidates for the board in order for them to have someone who would have empathy toward their needs and be able to convey their needs to the government." Brent also said she would like to see greater transit options for citizens, particularly those working nonpeak hours in the service industry.
"You find these people walking along the roadways day and night after they have so diligently served us in these fine restaurants and commercial stores, and if they can't afford a car, they have no way of getting home at night unless someone picks them up, unless thy have a bike or unless they walk home," said Brent, an African-American.
Khouri said she has worked diligently to make sure DuPage County remains friendly for businesses. A small business owner, she chairs the board's economic development and mass transit committees and said the two go hand in hand to make the county appealing to employers and workers.
"We currently have a 5 percent unemployment rate, which we're very proud of," she said. "We have different avenues we use to attract and retain businesses, most of all our low tax rate. I also would keep reaching out to let people know about the wonderful resources we have to continue to outreach to the community to make sure people know what resources are available to them."
Another issue involves noise from the recently reconfigured runways at O'Hare International Airport. Waller said he is running because his district's residents are furious about the noise from the new east-west runways.
"Paul (Fichtner) has done nothing about this," Waller said. "In fact, the DuPage County Board over the years has been our biggest enemy on this. They've been all for the city of Chicago and O'Hare expansion."
Waller said he favors legislation penalizing airlines if planes' noise exceeds a certain decibel threshold.
Fichtner noted that on Oct. 9, Cronin named him the chairman of an ad hoc board committee on airport noise.

DuPage Co. board chairman candidates diverge on flood fixes0
"We believe that we have the engineering capability to ameliorate many of the causes of these floods," Cronin said. "The problem is resources. The demand, the need for the projects is greater than the funding available."
Peickert added that he feels Cronin and his fellow board members frequently discuss tackling stormwater but are not doing enough. He pointed to Elmhurst — where both candidates live — saying Cronin is reluctant to support a proposal to run pipes into the quarry to carry away stormwater and ward off flooding to nearby homes.
"My street has flooded more in the last couple of years than in the past 40 years," Peickert said. "And nothing has been done to address that at all."
Cronin said the quarry is owned by DuPage County and usage needs to be fair to all the towns that have a stake in it.
"We wouldn't want to fill up capacity that can and should be used by other communities," Cronin said. "Whether it's creating some compensatory storage next to the quarry or using the quarry when no one else is using it, we want to solve the problem."
Both candidates said the county needs to go after more state dollars to help pay for the large-scale projects and upkeep. Cronin said he would use his connections as a former legislator while Peickert said he would be able to devote more time to his duties as board chairman to lobby for funding.
"I'm willing to take this job on full-time. We can't afford to have a part-time person in charge," said Peickert, referring to Cronin's day job as an attorney. "I think the chair is the better person to speak on behalf of the county."
"When we need some help in Springfield, I can turn to my former colleagues for help," Cronin said. "We aggressively pursue grant money through state and federal sources. We are really trying to maximize whatever we can get to help us with these flooding problems."

Hold events on Patels birth anniversary: UGC to varsitiesPrint
Written by Mihika Basu , Prasad Joshi | Mumbai/pune | Posted: October 25, 2014 2:08 am
After Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s Teachers’ Day address and then the Swachh Bharat campaign, educational institutes now have to prepare for yet another “top priority” occasion. The University Grants Commission (UGC) has shot off a letter to vice-chancellors of all Central, state, private and deemed universities, asking them to organise events on October 31 to celebrate Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel’s birth anniversary.
As per the October 22 notification, institutes have also been asked to inform the UGC about the type of activities being planned to celebrate what it calls “Rashtriya Ekta Diwas or National Unity Day”.
Modi has, on many occasions, spoken about plans to build the tallest-ever statue of Patel.
“We are all aware of Sardar Patel’s contributions to India’s unity, safety and security. As a mark of honour… you are requested to organise different events on October 31 on the campus,” reads the UGC notification.
Institutes have been asked to administer the ‘Rashtriya Ekta Diwas pledge’ to all students, faculty and staff members, and organise a ‘run for unity’. The letter also says that institutes can organise debate competitions, NCC march past and photo exhibitions, and screen documentary films on Patel.
“I am certain you could consider organising many other such activities which could spread the message of unity, safety and security. While you may prepare a list of activities which would be context specific with respect to your institution, you have to make it a point that you will accord top priority to administering the pledge and organising a run for unity,” said the letter, signed by UGC chairman Ved Prakash.
The UGC has also circulated English and Hindi versions of the pledge along with the letter.
B V Bhosale, a sociology professor at Mumbai University, said, “When it comes to administering certain programmes, ultimately it rests with the political party that comes to power. It could be the Hindutva ideology that they may try to propagate through various institutional frameworks to gain legitimacy for their respective ideologies, and an educational institution is one such framework. As academicians we have no objections to such programmes.”
However, the initiative may only get a lukewarm response since Diwali vacations are on in several institutes.
The principal of a college in Pune, who did not wish to be named, said, “Celebrations would revolve around staffers alone as students are on vacations. We cannot ask them to join back between their holidays. At most, a few students, including those staying in hostels, might be requested to come.”
Sanjaykumar Dalvi, director of the Board of Students’ Welfare at Savitribai Phule Pune University, said the schedule for the day would be finalised by October 27.
Both the Congress and the BJP have tried to lay claim to Patel’s legacy in the past. The 182-meter statue proposed by Modi is to be built at the Sadhu-Bet Island in Gujarat’s Narmada district. According to details given on the project website, about Rs 2,063 crore would be spent on the project, which would be completed in four years. The project had come under fire over the amount being spent continued…

Shakira to launch line of baby toys with Fisher-PriceE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Washington School Shooting: 2 Dead  4 Injured; Shooter had Failed RelationshipsWashington School Shooting: 2 Dead  4 Injured; Shooter had Failed Relationships
Commodities markets closed for festivalCommodities markets closed for festival
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Oct 25:  
The commodities markets in the city including oilseeds, bullion, spices, metals and solvents, remained closed today for Bhai Dooj.
(This article was published on October 25, 2014)
Related
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.

Arvind Kejriwal to approach EC against BJPE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Tamil Nadu govt hikes milk prices by Rs 10 a litreE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Hindu-Americans ask US to protect Yezidis from ISIS in IraqE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Cafe Coffee Day ordered to slam doors on QNetE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Centre gives nod to defence projects worth Rs 80 000crPrint
The officers and men of INS Brahmaputra felt enormously proud of the glorious deeds of the Indian army.
Written by Pranav Kulkarni | New Delhi | Posted: October 25, 2014 6:10 pm | Updated: October 26, 2014 3:54 pm
Defence projects worth Rs 80,000 crore were cleared on Saturday by the government, which also decided that six submarines would be made indigenously. The purchase of over 8,000 Israeli anti-tank guided missiles and 12 upgraded Dornier surveillance aircraft was also cleared.
The decisions were taken at a meeting lasting over two hours of the Defence Acquisition Council, chaired by Defence Minister Arun Jaitley and attended by the chiefs of all the three defence services, the DRDO chief and other senior officials.
The bulk of the decisions were in favour of the Navy, that desperately requires upgradation and capability enhancement.
The big-ticket step was the decision to build six submarines in India at a cost of about Rs 50,000 crore rather than sourcing it from outside. The decision is in line with Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s ‘Make in India’ pitch.
The decision will provide relief to the depleting submarine arm of the Navy, which is down to just a handful of operational submarines following accidents involving INS Sindhurakshak and INS Sindhuratna. The target set in 1999 was to have 24 submarines by 2030. The previous UPA government had gone in for six Scorpene submarines and the first is likely to be delivered only in 2016.
The other major decision was to purchase 8,356 Israeli Spike Anti Tank Guided Missile (ATGMs) for the Army’s infantry battalions at Rs 3,200 crore, rather than the American Javelin missile. The Army will also purchase 321 launchers for the missiles.
Incidentally, during his recent visit to India, US Secretary of Defence Chuck Hagel had made a strong pitch for the Javelin, promising co-development and co-production of the America missile within India. The US claimed it was an unprecedented offer, tailor-made for India.
The 12 Dornier surveillance aircraft with enhanced sensors will be bought from Hindustan Aeronautics Ltd for Rs 1,850 crore. Besides, 362 infantry fighting vehicles will be bought from the Ordinance Factory Board, Medak in West Bengal, for Rs 662 crore.
Sources said a committee will now be formed by the Defence Ministry that will study both public and private shipyards over the next few weeks, for the purpose of building submarines in India. The committee will look at whether a port has the capacity and manpower, apart from meeting other parameters, for the construction of all six submarines there. On the basis of its recommendations, the ministry will issue a Request for Proposal (RFP) to the port.
Apart from the above decisions, the Defence Acquisiton Council cleared for the Army purchase of 1,761 radio relay containers at a cost of Rs 662 crore, building of 363 Armoured Personnel Carriers at Rs 1,800 crore and buying of critical rolling stock, including arms, guns, artillery, at Rs 740 crore.
Besides, the council approved purchase of equipment for special operations of the continued…

Centre gives nod to defence projects worth Rs 80 000 crE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

RSS article shocks  says Nathuram Godse should have killed Nehru  not MahatmaRSS article shocks, says Nathuram Godse should have targeted Jawaharlal Nehru, not Mahatma Gandhi
PTI | New Delhi | Updated:  Oct 26 2014, 10:52  IST
Oct 26 2014, 10:52  IST
 

Will IAF warning hit sales of new Xiaomi phone models in IndiaE-mail
In Pic: Xiaomi Redmi 1S. Indian Air Force (IAF) has reportedly warned against using the devices manufactured by the Chinese company Xiaomi. The IAF in its note mentioned many instances of Xiaomi phones and tablets sending back data to China. It cited a Hong Kong based user who claimed that the Redmi Note phone was automatically connecting to servers in China and sending back photos, and messages.
ADVERTISEMENT

Is Sundar Pichai being groomed for the top job at GoogleIs Sundar Pichai being groomed for the top job at Google
On eve of poll  Ukraine leader seeks support for pro-Europe courseOn eve of poll  Ukraine leader seeks support for pro-Europe course
Google executive Alan Eustace secretly jumps from 1 35 000 feet to break Felix Baumgartner s recordGoogle executive Alan Eustace secretly jumps from 1 35 000 feet to break Felix Baumgartner s record
Mindhelix startup raises $89 000 for innovative home security system on crowd funding platform KickstarterMindhelix startup raises $89 000 for innovative home security system on crowd funding platform Kickstarter
Writing about Clean India a service to nation: ModiWriting about Clean India a service to nation: Modi
Bangalore: Youth Congress holds protest over black moneyBangalore: Youth Congress holds protest over black money
RSS article shocks  says Nathuram Godse should have targeted Jawaharlal Nehru  not Mahatma GandhiRSS article shocks  says Nathuram Godse should have targeted Jawaharlal Nehru  not Mahatma Gandhi
Narendra Modi takes tea  but no questions  in first press event as PM Narendra ModiNarendra Modi takes tea, but no questions, in first press event as PM of India
Reuters | New Delhi | Updated:  Oct 25 2014, 19:39  IST
Oct 25 2014, 19:39  IST
 

Simpsons Fans Rejoice! Now You Can Legally Watch Every Episode Onlinereddit
It's a Simpsons miracle.
Cable network FX on Tuesday launched Simpsons World, a streaming website and app that lets fans watch any of the storied franchise's 552 episodes whenever they feel like it. Simpsons World comes after FX offshoot FXX broadcast a 12-hour marathon in August showing each episode in chronological order. As FXX still has the rights to the episodes and the marathon was such a hit, it's now letting viewers watch at their own pace.
Simpsons fans can access the episodes via the FXNOW or Simpsons World apps. They're also accessible at SimpsonsWorld.com . The apps will be available on iOS, Android, Xbox Live, Apple TV and Samsung Smart TV , Deadline reports.
(Scroll down for a look at the site).
There is a catch, however: In order to access full episodes you must subscribe to FX via your cable provider.
Still, Simpsons World promises to add serious value to your cable subscription. At launch, it includes features such as trivia, Simpsons news, a comprehensive search function and a variety of playlists that group episodes by theme and character, Uproxx reports.
In January, Simpsons World will launch even more features, such as the ability to share personally curated playlists and clips through social media.
"We'll make it easy for you," FX Networks COO Chuck Saftler told IGN . "We'll curate for you; you can curate for you; you can curate for us. It can be lean-forward; it can be lean-back."
The app is apparently heavily influenced by and named after show creator Matt Groening's 20th Anniversary book "Simpson's World." But this app isn't necessarily only about looking back.
"Fans will be able to seamlessly move in and out of the deepest digital archive of any TV series online ever – wherever they are and however they want," FX Networks marketing and on-air promotions chief Stephanie Gibbons said in a statement .
As Simpsons executive producer Al Jean put it, "Hello ‘Simpsons World,’ goodbye free time!"
All we can say is, “Ay caramba!”
More:

Anti-Facebook social network Ello gets fresh funding‘Anti-Facebook’ social network Ello gets fresh funding
PTI
Tweet
San Francisco, Oct 24:  
Flush with a reported $5.5 million in fresh funding, upstart social network Ello today legally changed its corporate standing to back a promise to remain ad-free.
Ello converted to a public benefit corporation, which it described as “a new kind of for-profit company in the US that exists to produce a benefit for society as a whole — not just to make money for its investors.”
The announcement posted at Ello’s Web site came as word spread that venture capitalists pumped $5.5 million into the company in a fresh funding round.
That money will be used in part to beef up capacity so the social network can be opened to more users.
Ello, described as the “anti-Facebook” for its stand on privacy and advertising, has become a hot ticket on the Internet.
Created last year as a “private” social network, Ello recently opened its doors on an invitation-only basis.
Ello appears to have caught on with its simple message which seems to take aim at frustrations of Facebook users.
Facebook has been criticised by some users over its privacy policies and ads that use personal information.
“Ello doesn’t sell ads. Nor do we sell data about you to third parties,” the company says.
Its “manifesto” states: “We believe a social network can be a tool for empowerment. Not a tool to deceive, coerce, and manipulate — but a place to connect, create, and celebrate life. You are not a product.”
Ello’s policy states that the practice of collecting and selling personal data and mapping your social connections for profit “is both creepy and unethical.”
“Under the guise of offering a ‘free’ service, users pay a high price in intrusive advertising and lack of privacy.”
Based in Vermont, Ello was launched by a group of artists and programmers led by Paul Budnitz, whose previous experience includes designing bicycles and toys.
(This article was published on October 24, 2014)
Related

Mysterious Dino Looked Like  Something Out Of A Bad Sci-Fi MovieDeinocheirus mirificus probably lumbered along like a cross between the TV dinosaur Barney and Jar Jar Binks of Star Wars fame, according to a new fossil analysis. (AP Photo/Michael Skrepnick, Dinosaurs in Art, Nature Publishing Group)
A decades-old dinosaur mystery has finally been solved.
Ever since Deinocheirus mirificus was first identified in 1965, paleontologists have been trying to figure out what the animal looked like. Since only the dino's massive forelimbs had been found -- earning the creature the nickname "Terrible Hand" -- no one had a good sense of the animal's overall appearance.
But now, with the help of recently unearthed fossils dating back 70 million years, a research team led by Yuong-Nam Lee, director of the Geological Museum in Daejeon, South Korea, has pieced together a nearly complete Deinocheirus skeleton .
(Story continues below.)
Holotype fossil of Deinocheirus forelimbs on display.
The fossils, which were found in Mongolia, suggest that Deinocheirus was likely a huge toothless omnivore that stood 16 feet tall and measured 36 feet in length with killer claws, a duckbill, and scattered tufts of feathers, the Associated Press reported.
Lee told the AP that "Deinocheirus turned out to be one [of] the weirdest dinosaurs beyond our imagination." Another paleontologist, who was not involved in this new research, seemed to agree with that assessment.
“These new specimens really solve the mystery once and for all,” Dr. Stephen Brusatte, a vertebrate paleontologist at the University of Edinburgh in Scotland, told National Geographic. “They tell us Deinocheirus was much weirder than anyone could have imagined—a colossal, slow-moving, horse-headed, hump-backed dinosaur that looks like something out of a bad sci-fi movie."
To see for yourself, have a look at the University of Alberta's computer animation of the dinosaur in the video above.
This new research was published online in Nature on October 22, 2014.
Also on HuffPost:

Suarez set to debut for Barcelona in El ClasicoSuarez to return in clasico, says Barca coach
Reuters –  Fri 24 Oct, 2014
Print
BARCELONA (Reuters) - Luis Suarez, whose four-month ban for biting an opponent expires on Friday, will make his official Barcelona debut in Saturday's La Liga clasico at Real Madrid, coach Luis Enrique said.
Suarez will play some part in the match at the Bernabeu, his first competitive action since he sunk his teeth into Italy defender Giorgio Chiellini's shoulder at the World Cup finals in Brazil, Luis Enrique told a news conference.
"He will play some minutes," added the former Spain midfielder, who will preside over his first clasico since taking over as Barca coach at the end of last season.
"How many? That is the million dollar question. It is an important event for him and he will have some time on the pitch."
Suarez, who had already been sanctioned twice for biting opponents and once when he was accused of racially abusing Manchester United defender Patrice Evra, has been allowed to play friendlies and train with his new Barca team mates during his enforced absence.
The 27-year-old netted a double for Uruguay in this month's 3-0 friendly win over Oman, his second appearance for the South Americans on their tour of the Middle East after he featured in a 1-1 draw with Saudi Arabia.
Luis Enrique, who had stints at both Real and Barca as a player, said he was confident the referee would be able to control the players in a fixture that has often been marred by brawling and poor sportsmanship in recent years.
Barca would be attempting to play their customary possession game at the Bernabeu and avoid allowing their opponents chances to counter attack, he added.
"We intend to control the match," he told reporters.
"We need the ball and to make the fewest mistakes possible, as well as being efficient in attacking areas."
Barca top the La Liga standings on 22 points and have yet to concede a goal in eight matches this season.
After a stuttering start, Real have come into form in recent weeks and are four points behind their arch rivals in third, one adrift of second-placed Sevilla.
(Writing by Iain Rogers, editing by Mitch Phillips and Toby Davis)
Recommend

Four of a family stabbed to death in DehradunPrint
By: Express News Service | Dehradun | Posted: October 25, 2014 5:22 pm | Updated: October 25, 2014 6:25 pm
Harmeet Singh, 22, who allegedly stabbed to death four members of his family — his father Jai Singh, his stepmother Kulwant, his father’s adopted daughter Harjeet, 29, and Harjeet’s daughter Sukhmani, 3 yrs — in a house in Dehradun city’s Adarsh Nagar area on the night of Diwali festival, was produced before the court and subsequently, sent to jail on Saturday. He was sent to judicial remand for 14 days.
Police confirmed that Harjeet, whom Jai had adopted as his daughter, was pregnant. Harjeet had recently come to Jai’s house in Dehradun for delivering her third child. Her five-year-old Kanwaljeet son was also allegedly attacked by the accused Harmeet. However, he survived in this incident. All four persons were killed when they were asleep.
Jai, who was in the advertising business, had married two women and the accused Harmeet is his son from his second wife Anita who currently stays in UP’s Saharanpur city.  As per the police theory, Harmeet’s fear was that his father might transfer his properties to Harjeet who he (his father Jai) had adopted as his daughter.
The incident came to light on Friday morning after the domestic help had reached the house. Police said Harmeet had asked her to return from there on the plea that there was no water at home. She smelt foul play and shared it with Jai’s some neighbors. Police reached the house and recovered the bodies.
“Jai Singh was killed with brutality. There were several injury marks on his bodies,” the station house officer of Cantt police station V K Jetha recalled. He added police are examining the CDR (Call Detail Records) of the cell-phone. He confirmed that police have recovered the weapons which were used in this crime.
Police sources said Jai had ended relation with his second wife, whose son is the accused Harmeet, following a legal settlement. “After legal settlement about nine years back, Harmeet started living with his father Jai Singh in Dehradun. His mother stays in Sahranpur,” a source in the Dehradun police said.
Police are now on the job to collect evidences in support of its theory behind the killings of all the four persons. “We would interrogate Jai’s neighbors to collect information about the possibility of other persons’ involvement in this incident. Some neighbors told us that Jai was last seen around 11.30 pm on the night of Diwali festival,” a source in the Cannt police station said.

Ask Matt: Is it time to give up on BezosAFP/Getty
Q: Is it time to give up on Bezos?
A: Investors were understandably frustrated with Amazon.com’s (AMZN) massive third-quarter loss and CEO Jeff Bezos. It’s a good example of how seemingly infallible companies can stumble.
The online retailer spoiled the holiday season for many investors Thursday after reporting a quarterly loss of 95 cents a share, even more than expected. The company also lowered guidance for fourth quarter profit. The stock tumbled 8.5% to fall to $286.43.
Analysts have pulled back on their bullishness, but see promise on the stock. Colin Sebastian of Baird Equity Research cut his 12-month price target on the stock to $340 a share down from $400. The lowered target is due to the tough international sales picture for Amazon. Sebastian still thinks the stock is buying opportunity, being down 28% this year. Most analysts agree. The average 18-month price target on the stock is $350, which would be 22% upside if analysts are right.
But Amazon is a speculators-only stock. Eric Sheridan, analyst at UBS, says investors should stay on the “sidelines” until it’s clear what the company is doing with its costly investments. And New Constructs, which measures stock prices relative to their future cash flows, rates Amazon “very dangerous.”
USA TODAY markets reporter Matt Krantz answers a different reader question every weekday. To submit a question, e-mail Matt at mkrantz@usatoday.com or on Twitter @mattkrantz.

PM Narendra Modi inaugurates HN Reliance Foundation hospital inMumbaiNarendra Modi is welcomed by Nita Ambani, Mukesh Ambani and other memders of Ambani family on his arrival for the inauguration of HN Reliance Foundation Hospital in Mumbai. (Source: PTI)
Written by Tabassum Barnagarwala | Mumbai | Posted: October 25, 2014 7:11 pm | Updated: October 26, 2014 3:49 am
Taking ahead from his digital media campaign, prime minister Narendra Modi stressed on the need of upgradation in medical science and telemedicine in the country during the inauguration of the recently refurbished Sir Harkisondas Nurrotamdas Reliance Foundation hospital in South Mumbai Saturday evening.
“When our country is compared to other countries, the health care system in our country shames us,” Modi said. He added, “Instead of focusing on treatment of patients, the health care system must focus on preventive care. It takes less to invest in preventive care than in treatment.”
While addressing several Bollywood stars and political dignitaries, including Maharashtra governor Vidyasagr Rao, present at Sir HN Reliance Foundation Hospital’s inauguration, Modi emphasized on the urgent need to inculcate habit of hand washing as a preventive measure in the health care system. “The women and child mortality is still alarming in the country,” he said, adding that he read that  40 per cent child death in Pakistan is caused due to absence of hand-washing. “The roots of both the countries are the same and the situation is not very different in India,” Modi said.
After the launch of ‘Make in India’ campaign, Modi now encouraged the concept of foreign direct investment in the country’s health care system adding that telemedicine will benefit rural areas where expert knowledge can be used to conduct emergency surgeries. He also indicated that the Digital India campaign will be used to improve the telemedicine services in the country.
“It is not possible to bring sophisticated technology in general hospitals. FDI should be encouraged in bringing about medical equipment for benefitting rural areas,” he added.
Modi inaugurated almost 90-year-old heritage hospital located in the area of Khetwadi in South Mumbai. The hospital was refurbished by Reliance Foundation which joined the management of the hospital in 1997.

Bhavani Devi looks for financial supportUpdated: October 25, 2014 19:49 IST
Bhavani Devi looks for financial support
Special Correspondent
Tweet
PTI
Fencer CA Bhavani Devi, who won the silver medal in the U-23 Asian Fencing Championships, was felicitated by the Tamil Nadu Fencing Association recently.
TOPICS
The Washermanpet resident wants to compete in the 2016 Rio Olympics
C.A. Bhavani Devi, a resident of Washermanpet, has been winning medals at the International level quite consistently.
Recently, the 20-year-old won a silver medal in the sabre category of the Asian u-23 fencing championship in Philippines. Though blessed with a fantastic touch and control in a sport that is yet to get any recognition in India, Bhavani’s major problem has been sponsorship.
She has quite a few events—World Cup (USA), Asian Championship (China) and World Championship (Hungary) coming up and the Chennai girl is desperately scouting for funding.
Bhavani now trains in Kerala, but hopes that the Tamil Nadu Government will recognise her achievements and guide her in her dream of competing in the 2016 Rio Olympics. Bhavani was felicitated by W.I. Davaram, president, Tamil Nadu Olympic Assocation, recently.

BJP welcomes announcement of poll schedule for JKBJP welcomes announcement of poll schedule for JK
Modi breaks ice with media  poses for selfiesModi breaks ice with media  poses for selfies
Indian Squash Challenger Chennai leg from SundayIndian Squash Challenger Chennai leg from Sunday
In-sourcing of IT operations gains tractionUpdated: October 24, 2014 00:35 IST
In-sourcing of IT operations gains traction
Sanjay Vijayakumar
Tweet
Reuters
Research firm Gartner said it was seeing a fundamental shift in the approach to digital business causing organizations to rethink their approaches to sourcing. File photo
TOPICS
computing and information technology
“There has been shift towards in-sourcing by U.S. firms over the past three years in the manufacturing sector and also in specific areas of high intellectual property value in companies.”
In a reversal of trend, major firms are now looking to move back their information technology functions in-house or what is termed as in-sourcing, from their earlier stance of outsourcing to low-cost providers in India.
Firms such as auto major General Motors, Target, Zynga, Nordea and AstraZeneca have looked to build their own information technology team.
“There has been shift towards in-sourcing by U.S. firms over the past three years in the manufacturing sector and also in specific areas of high intellectual property value in companies. The desire has been to keep vital IP and know-how within the company,” said Mary E. Shacklett, President, Transworld Data, a technology analytics, market research and consulting firm.
British-Swedish pharma major AstraZeneca is looking to bring down its IT outsourcing to 30 per cent in the next three years from 70 per cent now. It works with eight vendors, out of those HCL Technologies mainly handles infrastructure, while Cognizant, Infosys and Accenture do application development and maintenance.
The company’s global IT budget is roughly $1.3 billion, which it aims to halve in the coming years. “In-sourcing is a silent trend. Companies like General Motors are on it for the last three years. This is unlike the earlier outsourcing trend, which had people shouting from rooftops. So, nobody is talking about ‘in-sourcing,’ at least not yet,” David Smoley, Chief Information Officer, AstraZeneca, said. The firm has launched is own captive arm in Chennai which will handle in-house IT work and support its 51,500 employees worldwide.
In 2012, General Motors Chief Information Officer Rondy Mott embarked on a plan to bring back its IT work inwards. At that time, 90 per cent of General Motor’s IT services where provided by Helwett-Packard/EDS, IBM, Capgemini and Wipro and only 10 per cent was in- house. The plan is to reverse this ratio in three years. Mr. Mott is of the view that GM cannot be creative or fast enough with outsourced IT.
When contacted, a GM spokesperson said, “All we can confirm at this point is that GM IT’s in-sourcing strategy is on track”.
AstraZeneca’s Mr. Smoley said that one of the reasons why his firm looked at in-sourcing was to take control from an IT prospective and to improve efficiency in terms of faster delivery of drugs.
Research firm Gartner said it was seeing a fundamental shift in the approach to digital business causing organizations to rethink their approaches to sourcing. “The threat many Indian providers will face is from the shift happening from labour to technology arbitrage. How quickly Indian providers can change gears to grab the opportunity and move forward even if that means constructive destruction of some of the existing business models could define future success,” D.D. Mishra, research director at Gartner, said.
“The shift to captives represents a long-term commitment to offshore-based services. Overall, companies in Europe and the U.S. are looking to perform more work offshore in India, not less. Captives are not a threat for vendors, but, in the short-term, can cannibalize a vendor's business,” said Peter Schumacher, President and Chief Executive of Germany-based consulting firm Value Leadership Group Inc. “Offshore services firms with strategic vendor status, and those that are organizationally agile and collaborative, are likely to be least impacted - some may even benefit.”

Kerala CM seeks Centres help to bring back nurses from LibyaKerala CM seeks Centre’s help to bring back nurses from Libya
PTI
Tweet
Thiruvananthapuram, Oct 24:  
The Kerala Government has asked the Centre to take urgent steps to secure the release of 18 Malayalee nurses stranded in Libya and also five Indian fishermen, including one from Kerala, held captive in Iran.
In a letter to External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj, Chief Minister Oommen Chandy, while seeking help for the release of the stranded persons, also handed over the name and passport details of Malayalee nurses stranded in Benghazi and other places in Libya.
In his letter yesterday, Chandy had also urged the Centre to bring the nurses to Malta by ship and from there to New Delhi by flight.
It was while fishing in the deep-sea waters off the coast of Qatar that the five Indian fishermen were captured by Iranian forces on September 22, he said.
The stranded fishermen in Iran include one from Thiruvananthapuram and four from Tamil Nadu. They are currently held captive in a boat near the Island of Kish and awaiting court order, he said.
Chandy also wanted that the Indian Embassy officials in Iran be instructed to do the needful for meeting the fishermen and free them from captivity and penalisation.
(This article was published on October 24, 2014)
Related

Hackers take Ebola route to deceive peopleHackers take ‘Ebola’ route to deceive people
K V Kurmanath
Tweet
Hyderabad, Oct. 24:  
You must have received several spam mails from hackers offering to transfer huge sums from the RBI, British lottery or from that widower who is going to die of a terminal disease. Those who fall for the trap are duped by the hackers.
In the next few days, you may get mails with sob stories woven around Ebola, the dreaded disease that is giving sleepless nights to nations. Cashing in on the widespread fear of the Ebola virus worldwide, ‘Nigerian’ hackers have reworked their letters by weaving stories around the disease that hit the West African countries.
There has been a spurt in e-mails from ‘Nigerian’ scammers who have written letters with stories woven around the Ebola epidemic in the last two months, Moscow-based Internet security solutions firm Kaspersky observed.
“In July, the first reports about the Ebola outbreak in Africa appeared in the media. While the world's attention was focused on how to fight the epidemic and prevent it spreading further, scammers used the disease to create new stories. In September, we came across several mailings which mentioned Ebola,” a Kaspersky executive has said in the latest report on the spam mail.
The company cites an example of a mail about a rich Liberian lady dying from Ebola. “The mail contains a long story about her children who died from the virus and about the local medical centre which refused to help her. She was willing to donate more than $1.5 million to a recipient who would transfer this money to charities,” the executive said.
In order to make it look something serious, the spam writers would introduce themselves as employees of World Health Organisation. “The reader was invited to a conference where Ebola would be discussed. The recipient was also offered €3,50,000,” the executive said.
The catch here is the victims had to provide their personal data, exposing them to the fraud.
(This article was published on October 24, 2014)
Related

Overweight Women More Likely To Have Low-Paying Jobsreddit
Fat shaming can have economic consequences.
As a woman gets heavier, her chances of working in a low-paying, physically taxing job grow, according to a new study from Jennifer Shinall, a law professor at Vanderbilt University. But weight doesn’t have nearly as much bearing on the type of job a man lands.
Though obese men are more likely than men of average weight to work in lower-paying, physical jobs, the effect isn't nearly as strong as it is for women. As a result, obese women make $7 less than their average-weight counterparts, while obese men make just $2 less.
“It absolutely suggests that weight is much more of a consideration in the labor market for women than it is for men,” Shinall told The Huffington Post in an interview.
Shinall’s findings add to the growing body of evidence that physical attributes play a depressingly large role in the lives of working women, no matter how they look. Very skinny women tend to get paid more . Hiring committees penalize attractive women by not calling them for interviews.
Such factors typically add to the broader discrimination women already face at work. Research shows women earn less than men in the same roles and are also more likely to work in low-paying fields .
Many female-dominated, low-wage jobs, such as home health care and child care, are where obese and morbidly obese women are most likely to end up, Shinall’s study found.
"Those are the only jobs that are available for the heaviest women in the labor market," she said.
For her study, Shinall analyzed occupation, health and population data for 10,007 women and 8,928 men. She found that, the heavier women get, the more likely they'll end up working in jobs that require more physical activity.
The opposite is true for women seeking jobs in fields that involve a lot of personal interaction, such as sales. Women become less likely to land those roles the more overweight they are. Morbidly obese women who do get jobs in such fields are paid about 5 percent less, on average, than other women, even controlling for factors like education, the study found.
For men, on the other hand, being heavier can actually boost earnings in some jobs. Overweight men working in more physical jobs make about 4 percent more, on average, than their average-weight colleagues, according to the study.
Shinall said she suspects that one of the main reasons obese and morbidly obese women tend to cluster in low-paying, strenuous jobs is because of discrimination in hiring for white-collar roles. Companies may not want an overweight woman representing them to customers, she said, and it's also possible that the person doing the hiring may not want to work with an obese woman.
More:

Uber Riders In NYC Not At Risk Of Ebola  Uber Saysreddit
The Uber driver who drove an Ebola-infected man on Wednesday night in New York is not at risk of contracting the disease, and neither is anyone who rode in his car afterwards, according to Uber.
Uber said Thursday on its company blog that it had been told by both the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) and the NYC Department of Health and Mental Hygiene (NYC DOHMH) that neither the driver or subsequent passengers were at risk of catching the disease.
Neither the CDC or the NYC DOHMH immediately responded to HuffPost's request for comment.
Here's the full statement from Uber:
We reviewed our records and were able to confirm that one of our driver partners in New York provided a ride to the patient yesterday evening. We immediately contacted the CDC and NYC Department of Health and Mental Hygiene (NYC DOHMH), which stated that neither our driver partner nor any of his subsequent passengers are at risk. We have communicated this to the driver, and the NYC DOHMH medical team met with the driver in person, assuring him that he is not at risk. Our thoughts are with the patient and his loved ones.
More:

Um  What Is Going On HereCopyright ©2014 TheHuffingtonPost.com, Inc. "The Huffington Post" is a registered trademark of TheHuffingtonPost.com, Inc. All rights reserved.
Part of HuffPost Business - AOL Money & Finance
Use this form to alert a HuffPost editor about a factual or typographical error in this story.
Notify message

Uttar Pradesh lowest among BIMARU states in 9 yrs growth: AssochamE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Black money: HSBC list has 628 names  biggest amount $18 million with Mehta  Patel most commonBlack money: HSBC list has 628 names  biggest amount $18 million with Mehta  Patel most common
India likely to strike deal with Vietnam for oil explorationE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

PM Narendra Modi inaugurates HN Reliance Foundation hospital in MumbaiNarendra Modi is welcomed by Nita Ambani, Mukesh Ambani and other memders of Ambani family on his arrival for the inauguration of HN Reliance Foundation Hospital in Mumbai. (Source: PTI)
Written by Tabassum Barnagarwala | Mumbai | Posted: October 25, 2014 7:11 pm | Updated: October 26, 2014 3:49 am
Taking ahead from his digital media campaign, prime minister Narendra Modi stressed on the need of upgradation in medical science and telemedicine in the country during the inauguration of the recently refurbished Sir Harkisondas Nurrotamdas Reliance Foundation hospital in South Mumbai Saturday evening.
“When our country is compared to other countries, the health care system in our country shames us,” Modi said. He added, “Instead of focusing on treatment of patients, the health care system must focus on preventive care. It takes less to invest in preventive care than in treatment.”
While addressing several Bollywood stars and political dignitaries, including Maharashtra governor Vidyasagr Rao, present at Sir HN Reliance Foundation Hospital’s inauguration, Modi emphasized on the urgent need to inculcate habit of hand washing as a preventive measure in the health care system. “The women and child mortality is still alarming in the country,” he said, adding that he read that  40 per cent child death in Pakistan is caused due to absence of hand-washing. “The roots of both the countries are the same and the situation is not very different in India,” Modi said.
After the launch of ‘Make in India’ campaign, Modi now encouraged the concept of foreign direct investment in the country’s health care system adding that telemedicine will benefit rural areas where expert knowledge can be used to conduct emergency surgeries. He also indicated that the Digital India campaign will be used to improve the telemedicine services in the country.
“It is not possible to bring sophisticated technology in general hospitals. FDI should be encouraged in bringing about medical equipment for benefitting rural areas,” he added.
Modi inaugurated almost 90-year-old heritage hospital located in the area of Khetwadi in South Mumbai. The hospital was refurbished by Reliance Foundation which joined the management of the hospital in 1997.

UP govt sacks 72 chairmen  advisors of state min rankUP govt sacks 72 chairmen  advisors of state min rank
Modi appreciates Tharoor s joining Clean India campaignModi appreciates Tharoor s joining Clean India campaign
Deutsches viral video banker© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3428a20c-5046-11e4-9822-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Ford quarterly profits drop sharplyFord profits drop sharply as Europe disappoints
Andy Sharman, Motor Industry Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/785b89a8-5b7c-11e4-b68a-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Deutsche Bank to set aside further 1bnDeutsche Bank reserves further €1bn for litigation
Alice Ross
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/10c30a6c-5ba1-11e4-81ac-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Subrata Roy s Sahara Group  MS Dhoni new owners of Hockey India League s Ranchi franchiseE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

PM  senior BJP leaders to attend Manohar Lal Khattar s swearing-in ceremonyBy: Press Trust of India | Chandigarh | Posted: October 25, 2014 4:26 pm
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and senior BJP leaders will attend the oath-taking ceremony of Manohar Lal Khattar as chief minister of Haryana at Panchkula on Sunday.
“Prime Minister, BJP chief Amit Shah, some Union Cabinet Ministers, CMs of the BJP ruled states and senior leaders among others would attend the function tomorrow,” Haryana BJP spokesman Vir Kumar Yadav said here today.
Punjab Chief Minister Parkash Singh Badal would also attend the oath taking ceremony of the Khattar at Panchkula in Haryana, about 20 km from Chandigarh.
Among other leaders, outgoing Chief Minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda had also been invited.
The venue of the oath-taking ceremony, which was earlier Tau Devi Lal stadium, has been shifted to Panchkula’s HUDA ground in Sector 5.
Elaborate arrangements have been made for Sunday’s function, which in addition to the presence of top dignitaries is going to see huge rush of the BJP workers.
Haryana Chief Secretary Shakuntala Jakhu and Director General of Police S N Vashisht, Panchkula’s Deputy Commissioner S S Phulia held a meeting to review the arrangements for the function.
Senior Haryana BJP leaders also remained huddled in a meeting on Saturday to ensure that the event passes off smoothly.
Tight security measures were being put in place, with over 3,000 cops being deployed. Haryana BJP leaders claim that nearly 1 lakh people were expected to attend the function.
Roads leading to the HUDA ground were being given a facelift.
The Prime Minister will land at the Chandigarh Airport from where he will drive down to the venue, officials said.
In a departure from the past, the venue for the oath-taking function has been kept at Panchkula, which earlier used to be Chandigarh, the common capital of both Haryana and Punjab.
BJP has created history by coming to power on its own for the first time in Haryana, since its inception in 1966.
In the 90 member Haryana assembly, BJP bagged 47 seats, INLD 19 and its ally SAD 1, Congress 15, Haryana Janhit Congress (HJC BL) 2, BSP 1 and five independents romped home victorious.

Business Line iPad app: Upgrade to the latest version compatible with iOS 8Tweet
October 25, 2014:  
The Hindu Business Line’s iPad app has been updated to support the latest iOS 8 upgrade. The upgrade has several bug fixes and ensures you have a great reading experience.
The app is packed with myriad features, and enhances the reading experience while helping you stay abreast of the latest developments in the world of business. You can get the news as it breaks. Push notifications ensure that you don’t miss any important news.
Highlights:
* Breaking news, top stories , business news and exclusive content
* Regular updates from the stock market along with expert opinions?
* Column-based layout for easy reading
* Latest news through push notifications
* Share business news and articles with your colleagues, friends and business partners through Facebook, Twitter and email
* Effortless navigation within and across content categories
* Option to save articles for offline reading
* Photo galleries and slideshows
* Advice and opinions on investments and gadgets
Users can download the app from the App store: https://itunes.apple.com/in/app/business-line-for-ipad-markets/id661653851?mt=8
The app can also be downloaded by scanning the QR code above.
(This article was published on October 25, 2014)
Related

New Maruti Suzuki Alto K10: Thrills on wheels wont come any cheaperNew Maruti Suzuki Alto K10: Thrills on wheels won’t come any cheaper
Vikram Chaudhary | New Delhi | Updated:  Oct 25 2014, 17:18  IST
Oct 25 2014, 17:18  IST
 

Sundar Pichai to head Google s products businessSundar Pichai to head Google s products business
Egon Schiele: the Radical NudeEgon Schiele, Courtauld Gallery, London
Jackie Wullschlager
The artist’s nude portraits are even more daring and disturbing than when he created them a century ago
©akg-images/Museum of Fine Arts, Budapest
‘Two Girls Embracing’ (1915)
Is a revolutionary artist more effective when his radicalism becomes the new establishment, or when he remains unnerving?
The story of the 20th-century avant-garde, from Duchamp to Damien Hirst, is of shocks co-opted so quickly by museum endorsement that turbulence is tamed, sensation muted. The only modernist to whom we have not accommodated ourselves in this way is Egon Schiele.
It is not just that there is not a single Schiele in any British public gallery. It is that his raw, expressive nude portrayals of young girls, children and of himself just out of adolescence are today more, not less, disturbing than when he created them in Vienna between 1910 and 1918. This may be why the Courtauld Gallery’s terrific new show of works on paper, Egon Schiele: The Radical Nude, is the first solo UK museum exhibition devoted to the artist.
It is a myth that Schiele was unsuccessful during his lifetime. In 1915 museums were already buying extremely provocative pieces: the gouache/watercolour stunner of a naked lesbian couple with nipples and lips highlighted in lurid red, “Two Girls Embracing”, for example, a highlight of this show, lent by the Szepmuveszeti, Budapest. By 1918, queues of collectors wanted virtuoso drawings such as the dramatically foreshortened “Woman in Boots with Raised Skirt” here, the unbroken economical black crayon line and compressed organisation, focused on a single aggressive staring eye and flash of genitals, achieved with a rushed fluency suggesting an immediate, two-minute encounter between artist and model.
More
More exhibitions including The Infinite World of Dadamaino and Egon Schiele
We know, too, of the steady pre-1914 market for Schiele’s tremulously explicit drawings and watercolours of his fragile-looking young lover Wally Neuzil, distinguished by her widely-spaced eyes, generous mouth, piled-up auburn hair and willingness to adopt frank poses, legs wide open, hands lifting clothes to expose vulva and pubic hair as in “Woman with Black Stockings”. Neuzil herself delivered these to clients whose ribald remarks often reduced her to tears.
Although Schiele moaned that he “certainly didn’t feel erotic” making such drawings, the Courtauld’s excellent catalogue shows how their composition – the framing of penetrable body parts, positioning of hands in relation to genitals, striptease-like juxtaposing of fabric and flesh – derive undeniably from the pornographic photographs pervading Vienna’s visual culture, available in every coffee house, at this time. Child prostitution was also rife, and Schiele employed under-age models – skinny, waif-like, with emaciated arms and claw-like hands – for images that hover between seduction and pathos, such as “Seated Nude Girl with Pigtails”.
©Leopold Museum/Manfred Thumberger
‘Crouching Woman’ (1914)
Another regular model was his younger sister Gerti; aged 17 and 13, the pair ran away together to Trieste, following the route of their parents’ honeymoon. In “Seated Female Nude with Raised Right Arm”, Gerti is half-aware of her blossoming sexuality, half-absorbed merely in adjusting her luxuriant hair. Was Schiele, in the city where Freud was inventing psychoanalysis, engrossed in fantasies about childhood sexuality and incest, or drawing attention to abuse, or colluding with it, or simply pushing expressive realism to its limits? Whatever he was doing, it became more troubling as, in the 20th century, we all became Freudians.
By the 1940s and 1950s there were only a handful of collectors. At the first UK exhibition, at Marlborough Gallery in 1964, Oskar Kokoschka derided its organiser Wolfgang Fischer, “So you’ve been having a show of that little crook, that pornographer”, and the Burlington Magazine said the works resembled “inspired graffiti from some public lavatory”. Collector Benedict Silverman, who a little later displayed his Schieles in his New York penthouse, told me: “No one ever said, ‘Wow!’. People would walk away in distaste. ‘How can you live with these?’ was the response.”
Are we less reticent now? In an era obsessed by underage grooming and fears of childhood under attack from internet porn, I am not sure it is possible to look at Schiele without unease. Indeed, the only parallel I can think of for a great work of art increasingly disturbing us is the fraught responses to Vladimir Nabokov’s Lolita (1955). Yet just as no writer has depicted a vulnerable 12-year-old girl more tenderly than Nabokov, so no painter ever caught the innocent/knowing, awkward/manipulative contradictions of early teenage self-presentation as delicately, heartbreakingly, as Schiele.
©Fine Art Images/Heritage Images
The artist photographed by Anton Josef Trcka in 1914
The drama of emerging self-identity, writer and artist acknowledged, included sexuality, its power, confusion, even tragedy – as in Schiele’s striking, subverted Madonna motif, “Woman with Homunculus”, depicting a young girl casting us a sly, sexual glance as she pulls away in horror from a deformed child attached to her back.
Schiele’s own self-confrontations between 1910 and 1913 are brilliantly orchestrated. In precarious, histrionic poses, he is by turns feverishly animated, as in the frantically scribbled limbs and musculature of the tilted, gyrating “The Dancer”, or stilted and jerky as a puppet or mime, in the Museum of Modern Art’s ravishing “Standing Male Nude with Arms Raised, Back View”.
In the nervous, jagged outlines of “Standing Man”, Schiele is a bony beggar, rags falling off his back; the cadaverous “Self-portrait, Nude”, in muddy rust-browns and ochres, evokes flesh fallen away; arms and legs are truncated. “Nude Self-portrait in Grey with Open Mouth”, where contorted features and parted lips recall the despairing expression of Munch’s “The Scream”, takes the form of a crucified figure, the racked body a code for artistic suffering. No one had depicted the artist as ugly and decrepit before. What is staged, what authentic? This is the truth of the adolescent mind, searching, shifting, adopting extreme positions. But the formal achievement is precociously assured: deft use of colour; intensely articulated contours that make one feel viscerally flesh and sinew.
©Leopold Museum/ Manfred Thumberger
‘Nude Self-Portrait’ (1910)
Although Schiele had an easy war – as a guard in a camp of Russian prisoners, whom he drew – he grew up after 1914; there are fewer tormented self-portraits, and the beginnings of a greater monumentality emerged. The defiantly inelegant view of buttocks and hips, huge in relation to the receding shoulders and tiny bunch of hair, in “Female Nude, Back View”, and the hunched figure carved from a cocoon of emerald and blue drapery in the complex “Crouching Woman with a Green Headscarf”, are magnificently sculptural.
Aged 28, Schiele died in the Spanish flu epidemic of 1918; his final drawings were of his pregnant, dying wife, who predeceased him by three days. Benefiting from top loans, this concentrated show of an arrested genius is among London’s best exhibitions of 2014.
‘Egon Schiele: The Radical Nude’, Courtauld Gallery, London, October 23-January 18, courtauld.ac.uk
Photographs: akg-images/Museum of Fine Arts, Budapest; Leopold Museum/ Manfred Thumberger; Fine Art Images/Heritage Images/Getty Images
Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2014. You may share using our article tools.
Please don't cut articles from FT.com and redistribute by email or post to the web.

National Conference says not opportune time to hold J&K electionsBy: Press Trust of India | Srinagar | Posted: October 25, 2014 7:16 pm
National Conference on Saturday said it was not an opportune time for the elections in Jammu and Kashmir as the state was reeling under the aftermath of the
devastating floods and decided to hold deliberations to work on the future course of action for the party.
“Now that the Election Commission of India has in its wisdom announced the schedule for the elections in the state, the National Conference will internally discuss and decide the further course of action,” party General Secretary Ali Mohammad Sagar said.
Sagar said his party opposed the elections at this point of time because “we felt that this is not the opportune time as the people are battling the aftermath of the flood
tragedy that has befallen the state”.
The reaction comes after the Election Commission on the same day announced the date for assembly polls in the state. The five-phased election will be held between November 25 and December 20.
“This was the time to focus on relief and rehabilitation rather than go for polls. The preference of the NC has always been and will continue to be with the people of the state, their welfare and their well-being,” he said.
The NC leader said the choice was between people of the state and their sufferings on one side, and politics and elections on the other side.
“Since democracy is for the welfare of the people it was imperative to go by the will of the people. However, unfortunately the NC was in a minority on the issue with
political parties like Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and others giving preference to their craving for power than to the people,” he said.
Sagar said the party was confident that the people would reject these “anti-people” forces at the hustings.
“PDP has always been hungry for power and in its quest for power has always indulged in petty machinations to grab power through dubious means which have been more often than not anti-democratic and anti-people.
“However this time they crossed all limits by turning a blind eye towards the miseries of the people of the state in their blatant and shameless endeavour to build their dream castle of power,” he alleged.

12 Bizarre Ebola  Products  People Are Actually Trying To Sellreddit
Anytime Americans start to panic, you safely assume the opportunistic among us will concoct some creative ways to exploit the fear to their own financial benefit.  And when it comes to the most recent Ebola panic, people are getting particularly creative.
And yes, these items are actually being advertised for sale on the Internet.
For example, you can now purchase an "Ebola Personal Protection Suit."

Google vice president jumps from stratosphere  beating world recordGoogle vice president jumps from stratosphere  beating world record
Applications for US unemployment rise 12K to 293KApplications for US unemployment rise 12K to 293K
AP file photo/Mike Groll
@AP
The number of people seeking U.S. unemployment benefits increased last week after falling sharply two weeks ago. Despite the rise, the level of applications remains near pre-recession levels, a sign that hiring will likely remain healthy.
Weekly unemployment benefit applications rose 12,000 to a seasonally adjusted 293,000, the Labor Department said Thursday. Yet the four-week average, a less volatile measure, fell for the second straight week to 298,500.
The figures are “very low … close to all-time lows when measured as a share of payrolls,” said Ian Shepherdson, chief economist at Pantheon Macroeconomics, in a research note. “We expect robust job growth in the months ahead.”
Two weeks ago, applications had plummeted to 281,000, near a 14-year low first reached in July. Over the past year, the four-week average for applications has fallen 7.1 percent. They climbed above 650,000 during the recession in 2009.
Applications are a proxy for layoffs. Fewer applications indicate that employers are holding onto their workers, likely because they are more confident about the economy. It may also indicate they will boost hiring.
The total number of people receiving benefits ticked up by 7,000 to 2.4 million. A year ago, 3.9 million people were receiving unemployment aid. That number has fallen sharply partly because of the expiration of extended benefits, a program that ended at the beginning of this year.
Applications fell steadily through the summer. At the same time, job gains have been solid, despite a slowdown in hiring in August.
Employers added just 142,000 jobs last month, according to the Labor Department, down from an average of 212,000 in the preceding 12 months. It was the end of a six-month streak of monthly job gains in excess of 200,000. The unemployment rate fell to 6.1 percent from 6.2 percent, but only because some of those out of work gave up looking. The government doesn’t count people as unemployed unless they are actively searching.
Still, most economists expect hiring will continue at a healthy pace this year. Surveys of both manufacturing and services firms show that companies in both sectors added workers in September.
— CHRISTOPHER S. RUGABER, AP Economics Writer
 
Copyright 2014 Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.
# U.S. economy

Index outlook: A Happy Diwali for Indian investorsBut a buying binge in the Muhurat session is unlikely
October 18, 2014:  
Dalal Street has much to feel pleased about this Diwali. The Sensex and the Nifty have moved up around 23 per cent in the last 12 months and many smaller stocks have given multi-fold returns.
But don’t expect too many fireworks in the Muhurat session this year. With the indices perched close to their lifetime peaks and threatening to slide further, investors are likely to be circumspect.
The action this week is likely to be muted with indices moving in a small range as the market is open on only three full sessions. Many might want to cut back their trading activity to spend time with their family.
Concerns on the ability of the Euro Zone to ward off a recession caused deep cuts in European and US stocks.
While stocks did recover some ground towards the end of the week, the complacency of investors in the developed markets appears to be shaken.
This is reflected in the CBOE volatility index hitting the high of 31 during the week.
This level was last visited in December 2011. The VIX that is calculated based on the premium of S&P 500 options, shows the level of fear among the traders.
That this index did not cross 23 since January 2013 implies that the level of investor confidence has been high since the beginning of last calendar year.
The CNN fear and greed index is also tilting towards extreme fear reflecting this change in the sentiment.
The Sensex too sold off to dip below 26,000 on Thursday. But improvement in global sentiment and hopes of a strong showing by the ruling party in the assembly polls helped the index rally.
There are other factors playing in favour of Indian stocks. Fall in crude prices will help the country’s current account deficit that is again beginning to bloat with growing gold imports.
Nymex crude futures dipped below $80 last week. But there is strong support in the zone between $75 and $80 for crude. It is quite likely that the crude futures halt their decline in this region.
If this level is breached, next support is around $65. Since many are of the opinion that oil producers will find it unviable to produce below $80, we should be able to find the floor of oil prices soon.
FPIs were net sellers through last week. Their net sales for October stand at $613 million. Sharp spike in derivative volumes on the NSE too implies that traders were quite active in the previous week.
Sensex (26,108.5)
The Sensex hit the intra-week low of 25,911 before rebounding on Friday. Oscillators in the daily chart are quite weak though they are appearing oversold at this juncture.
The Sensex has closed firmly below the 50-day moving average. This denotes weakness. The possibility of an evening star pattern on the monthly chart also does not bode well for the medium and long-term outlook.
The week ahead: The short-term trend in the Sensex is weak. But the index is holding around the key short-term support at 26,000. This level needs to be breached before the index can decline to 25,329 or 24,892.
But since most global markets reversed higher on Friday, there can be a rally in the early part of the week that takes the Sensex higher to 26,451 or 26,810.
The inability to move above the first resistance will be the cue for short-term traders to go short.
Medium-term trend: We retain the positive medium-term outlook for the Sensex. Unless there is a strong breach of the 26,000 level, the outlook will not be threatened.
Medium-term supports for the index are at 25,000 and 24,500. As long as a correction halts above these levels, there is a possibility of the index spending some time (few months) moving in the band between 24,500 and 27,500 before it moves higher again.
Medium-term outlook will turn negative only on a close below 24,500.
Nifty (7,779.7)
Nifty is establishing a sequence of lower peaks and troughs since the end of September. This is a negative formation and can precede another leg down. That the index is firmly below the 50-day moving is also a negative for the index.
The week ahead: But the factor favouring Nifty in the short term is the fact that it is not too much below the short-term support at 7,790.
It is possible that the index attempts to recover next week to move higher to 7,900 or 8,016.
Traders need to watch out for the resistance at 7,900 since the 50-day moving average is also positioned there.
Reversal from there will be the cue for traders to initiate fresh short positions with stop loss at 8,025.
Downward targets are 7,594 and 7,540. Target above 8,000 is 8,160.
Global cues
Most global indices recorded sharp declines in the middle of the week. But subsequent recovery was sharp. This leads to the hope that at least one leg of the correction could have been completed last week.
The extent of the recovery now will indicate if the decline will have legs or if the uptrend will resume from these levels.
The intra-week bounce from 15,855 in the Dow has helped it reverse from key medium-term support. If it holds above 15,700 in the coming week, it will mean that the Dow is on the road to recovery.
Conversely, a decline below 15,700 will take the index to 14,720 levels.
(This article was published on October 18, 2014)
Related

United to add Pacific routesUnited to add Pacific routes
United Airlines Boeing 787
A United-branded Boeing Dreamliner on its route from Los Angeles to Melbourne, Australia.
A United-branded Boeing Dreamliner on its route from Los Angeles to Melbourne, Australia. (Reuters)
United Airlines O'Hare International Airport
United taps Boeing 787-900 for Pacific flight
United Airlines announced plans Friday to expand its Pacific footprint next week by adding four new routes, though none will originate from its hub at O'Hare International Airport.

The Ebola Problem You Should Actually Worry Aboutreddit
If you get an email from a seemingly trustworthy organization about the Ebola virus in the coming days, beware. It could very well be a scam to obtain your personal info.
The emails look like they're from organizations like the World Health Organization. But when you click on its attachments, they install a DarkComet Remote Access Trojan (RAT) onto your computer, giving hackers access to your computer and the files on it. Here's an example of the phony emails that are being sent out:
Looks legit, right? Well, it isn't.
The United States Computer Readiness Team (US-CERT) released a notice last week about these scams, writing that "phishing emails may contain links that direct users to websites which collect personal information such as login credentials, or contain malicious attachments that can infect a system." US-CERT warns people to be wary of opening attachments or clicking links in emails from unknown senders.
It's actually pretty common for hackers to send out emails like these during major news events. To avoid getting hacked, you should never open or download an attachment from an unknown email address.
Cybersecurity company Symantec first found that people were sending Ebola-themed phishing emails last August, and the emails have continued since then.
In a blog post Wednesday, Trustwave, another cybersecurity company, released a list of email subject lines that are being used in these phishing emails. Be sure to avoid emails with subject lines similar to the following:
RE: Ebola Survival Guide
What you need to know about the deadly Ebola outbreak
So Really, How Do You Get Ebola?
Ebola virus outbreak: Curing Breakthrough Revealed?
SHOCKING Health Alert: Secret Cure for Ebola?
HEALTH NEWS: Secret Cure for Ebola?
Is there ANY way to cure Ebola?
First GMO foods, now Ebola. What Obama doesn't want you to know.
Ebola, GMO, What they don't want you to know.
SHOCKING Health Alert: Ebola is spreading
EBOLA Outbreak - FEMA Storing 250,000 Plastic Coffins
You won't believe what Obamacare & Ebola have in common.
Ebola Outbreak Now WORSE Than We're Being Told
Ebola & Obamacare - a match made in heaven.
CDC ALERT: 1.4 Million EBOLA Victims by January?
The #1 Food Items You'll Need In An EBOLA Crisis
SHOCKING Health Alert: Secret Cure for Ebola/
More:

Vigilance books 14 including NMCH medical superintendent in drug scamPrint
Written by Santosh Singh | Patna | Posted: October 25, 2014 10:53 am | Updated: October 25, 2014 12:25 pm
Vigilance Investigation Bureau (VIB) of Bihar government booked 14 people including then medical superintendent of Patna-based Nalanda Medical College and Hospital (NMCH) in multi-crore drug scam that took place between 2008 and 2010 under Nitish Kumar-led NDA rule.
The scam pertained to purchase of medicines, medical equipment and chemicals by NMCH authorities on inflated rates as detected by departmental inquiry committee in 2010 itself. The matter was later referred to VIB that yesterday lodged cases for forgery and criminal conspiracy and also for engaging in corrupt practices after detailed primary investigation, a standard process before filing FIR in such cases.
Vigilance Superintendent of Police Ajit Kumar, who has been appointed investigation officer of the case, said those included in the FIR are then NMCH MS NK Yadav, then anaesthesia department head AK Vatsyayan, pharmacists Dhanushdhari Prasad Singh and Sudhanshu Kumar Singh, accountant Sheshnarayan Prasad Singh, clerks Shyam Narayan Prasad and Dasrath Prasad, MS’ PA Rahul Kumar and six medicine and equipment suppliers. Though the VIB’s primary investigation suggested irregularities worth Rs 1.6 Cr, the scam amount can be much bigger, said VIB sources.
Principal Secretary, health, Deepak Kumar said: “VIB has now lodged the case and will ensure they had a strong case”.

Was more keen on rehabilitating flood victims: Omar Abdullah onpollsPrint
Omar said the verdict of the people was the only thing that mattered and the rest was "noise". (Source: PTI)
By: Press Trust of India | Srinagar | Posted: October 25, 2014 7:39 pm | Updated: October 25, 2014 7:47 pm
As Election Commission announced the poll schedule for Jammu and Kashmir on Saturday, Chief Minister Omar Abdullah said ruling National Conference was more keen on rehabilitating the flood-affected people before “anyone else’s political rehabilitation”.
It is now for the people to decide whether my efforts were good enough & their verdict is the only thing that matters, the rest is noise 3/n
— Omar Abdullah (@abdullah_omar) October 25, 2014
“The announcement of elections in J&K effectively brings the curtain down on my first term as CM now that the MCC applies in the state. It has been an honour & a privilege to work for the people of my state. Through this term, I have done my best to serve the people of J&K,” Omar wrote on micro-blogging site Twitter.
“While NC was keen to rehabilitate the flood-affected people before anyone else’s political rehabilitation, the EC felt differently,” he said in another tweet.
“Now with election dates announced, there is no question of not contesting the forthcoming polls. We will put our best foot forward,” he said.
The Election Commission announced a five-phase election to the state assembly beginning, November 25.
Omar said the verdict of the people was the only thing that mattered and the rest was “noise”.
“It is now for the people to decide whether my efforts were good enough & their verdict is the only thing that matters, the rest is noise,” he said.
He said his party would work to “expose parties like PDP who have made it their stated mission to capitalise on the post flood misery of the people.”

National Conference says not opportune time to hold J&KelectionsBy: Press Trust of India | Srinagar | Posted: October 25, 2014 7:16 pm
National Conference on Saturday said it was not an opportune time for the elections in Jammu and Kashmir as the state was reeling under the aftermath of the
devastating floods and decided to hold deliberations to work on the future course of action for the party.
“Now that the Election Commission of India has in its wisdom announced the schedule for the elections in the state, the National Conference will internally discuss and decide the further course of action,” party General Secretary Ali Mohammad Sagar said.
Sagar said his party opposed the elections at this point of time because “we felt that this is not the opportune time as the people are battling the aftermath of the flood
tragedy that has befallen the state”.
The reaction comes after the Election Commission on the same day announced the date for assembly polls in the state. The five-phased election will be held between November 25 and December 20.
“This was the time to focus on relief and rehabilitation rather than go for polls. The preference of the NC has always been and will continue to be with the people of the state, their welfare and their well-being,” he said.
The NC leader said the choice was between people of the state and their sufferings on one side, and politics and elections on the other side.
“Since democracy is for the welfare of the people it was imperative to go by the will of the people. However, unfortunately the NC was in a minority on the issue with
political parties like Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and others giving preference to their craving for power than to the people,” he said.
Sagar said the party was confident that the people would reject these “anti-people” forces at the hustings.
“PDP has always been hungry for power and in its quest for power has always indulged in petty machinations to grab power through dubious means which have been more often than not anti-democratic and anti-people.
“However this time they crossed all limits by turning a blind eye towards the miseries of the people of the state in their blatant and shameless endeavour to build their dream castle of power,” he alleged.

25 eurozone banks fail ECB health check: Report25 eurozone banks fail ECB health check: Report
PM Narendra Modi wants  Make in India    Digital India  as tools for improving healthcareE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Why You Should Be Busy Insteadreddit
Where I hang out online, there's a lot of talk about freeing up time, having shorter workdays, setting boundaries etc... I'm sure you're not new to this topic as well - the topic of carving out "me-time" and working towards that elusive "3 day work week" goal. Of course, that isn't everyone's goal. But I know I secretly look at these people and wonder how they do it. And where they spend all that extra time.
I know that many of these people are mothers who want to carve out more time for their children and family. But today, simplifying tasks for more time is such a hot topic that it extends not only to working mothers, but to every business owner. Don't get me wrong - I am all for simplifying systems and making life easier for yourself, but somehow the focus has been to save time for the sake of saving time, and to just avoid being busy.
It's almost as if busy has become some sort of dirty, undesirable word in the online entrepreneur sphere. It's kinda weird, but it's just what I've observed. Everyone's trying so hard to be "less busy."
But today I want to turn that on its head. I want to tell you that you should be busy instead, but you should know what to be busy for.
I believe these "simplifying" and "not busy" courses/talk started out with good motives. People genuinely wanted to escape the rat race of the corporate world, where you were busy for the sake of being busy - pushing papers, typing furiously on the computer for someone else's business. It seemed a daft idea to get away from the furious hustle of the 9-5 and get into a crazy world of 60-hour (or more) entrepreneur workweeks.
But did we forget something along the way?
Don't simplify for the sake of simplifying, or just because everyone else is doing it. Don't stop being busy because "busy" is being frowned upon.
Really know what it really is that you want to spend your time on. And be busy for that.
What we really wanted to run away from wasn't busyness. It was the stifling of our creative talents and our greater purpose. The knowing that we could do so much more on our terms that propelled us to escape the stability (or not-so-stable now) of a 9-5 and create our own freedom. Freedom of expression. Freedom of enjoyment. Freedom of choice.
I know that not all of us enjoy having only a 3-day workweek. I know that for some of us, our spouses/significant others are also enjoying their fulfilling careers as well. I know that not all of us have children. I know that for some of us, working 5 days a week is perfectly okay, and even enjoyable, because we're BUSY DOING WHAT WE LOVE TO DO.
Is it sad then, that we are trying to run away from more time with what we love to do? Now, don't get me wrong again - I am ALL FOR simplifying and spending more time with family. But this is subjective. For some, 2 days a week off is plenty. For others, 4 days sounds like a better idea. We chose this path precisely because we could choose what we wanted to do, not to just blindly follow someone else's notion of busyness.
I personally LOVE being busy doing what I love. I, too, set boundaries, and hate doing some parts of business. But the parts I love? Oh, I could go at them for days and not feel worn out, or burnt out, or sad.
It is all about intentional spending of your time. It is all about the legacy you want to leave. For some of us, being busy at what we love to do makes our lives so much better instead - we feel more fulfilled, more joyful, and more creative. We are constantly inspired and want to get our hands on something. There's nothing wrong about that.
Don't fight busy just because everyone else is fighting busy.
Fight for the things that matter most to you. That you want to spend your time on. That you want to look back and think, wow, am I glad I spent my time on this! and create something great that you want to leave behind. Be busy for that.
Create a custom, made-for-you schedule, and not one that's based on someone else's. Don't let someone else make you feel like a horrible mother, or an undutiful wife, or an unfeeling daughter just because they chose to do something different. We all have a way of eventually making our lives work for ourselves. You are getting there. You know what needs to be done and you are working on it, at the same time being busy at what you love.
You don't have to sacrifice one for another. You can create a perfect balance that works for you. There is no one-size-fits-all in business or life.
FIND YOUR DEFINITION OF BUSY:
Ditch everything you read about time management, about healthy work/life balance etc. for a moment. What feels right to you? How much time with your child a week feels right to you? How much time at work feels right to you? How much time do you spend on writing is good for you?
You see - when you try to use someone else's time frame/timelines, you are sacrificing quality. You will not be as present with your children as or you might not be as inspired as you might've liked to.
Write down all the things that matter to you. Your big ticket items in life. The things that you want to go into your legacy. Then rank them, and divide your time amongst them. Listen to your heart, and dedicate time intentionally to be busy for the things you love.
Being "not busy" is overrated. It is only bad for you if you are busy doing something you hate.
Remember, you call the shots. Act like it.
Follow Kara-Anne Cheng on Twitter: www.twitter.com/bykaraanne
More:

Investors eye Egypt energy opportunitiesInvestors eye energy opportunities as Egypt slashes subsidies
Heba Saleh in Cairo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9bbd461a-5380-11e4-929b-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

US seeks Egypts help to counter IsisUS seeks backing from Egypt in battle against Isis
By Geoff Dyer in New York and Heba Saleh in Cairo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6e1dfd72-44cf-11e4-9a5a-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Android chief Sundar Pichai to head Googles products businessSunar Pichai will now oversee Google products like search, maps, Google+, commerce, advertising and infrastructure. (Source: IE archive)
By: PTI | New York | Posted: October 25, 2014 8:06 pm | Updated: October 26, 2014 8:17 am
India-born chief of Google’s Android unit, Sundar Pichai, will now lead the US-based search engine giant’s global products business as part of management
reorganisation.
According to industry sources, Google CEO Larry Page is transferring leadership of core Google products to Pichai, who will now oversee products like search, maps, Google+, commerce, advertising and infrastructure.
Also, six executives who previously reported to Page, including heads of research, social media and search, will now report to Pichai, they added.
Google has, however, left out its video sharing service, YouTube, out of the restructuring exercise. Pichai, who is currently SVP, Android, Chrome & Apps, has been adding key Google businesses under his ambit since joining the company in 2004.
He started with managing Chrome browser and took over the Android unit in March 2013.
Born in Chennai, the 42-year old has worked at Applied Materials and McKinsey & Co.
An IIT-Kharagpur alumnus, Pichai has also attended the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania, Stanford University.

BJP shying away from polls in Delhi: Cong  AAPPrint
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: October 25, 2014 8:44 pm
Aam Aadmi Party and Congress on Saturday accused BJP of running away from assembly elections in Delhi, soon after Election Commission announced bypolls for three assembly constituencies in the city.
BJP, however, rejected the criticism.
AAP and Congress said announcement of bypolls in Delhi clearly indicated that BJP was “scared” to dissolve the assembly and hold fresh elections.
“BJP is running away from elections in Delhi. AAP is fully ready for the byelections.
“I am really really amazed that despite tall claims of ‘Modi wave’, why is BJP so scared of calling elections in Delhi?,” AAP leader Arvind Kejriwal tweeted.
AAP and Congress have been demanding dissolution of Delhi assembly to pave the way for holding of fresh polls.
“My sources – BJP’s internal survey shows that if Delhi elections were held today, AAP would get overwhelming majority,” Kejriwal said.
Delhi Congress Chief Spokesperson Mukesh Sharma said announcement of byelections “reflected” BJP’s reluctance to hold fresh polls.
“The Home Ministry has not recommended dissolution of the assembly as BJP is reluctant to face election. If there has been a Modi-wave, then why the party ias shying away from facing the polls,” Sharma said.
He reiterated Congress’ demand of immediate dissolution of the assembly and said it will not allow BJP to form a government adopting unfair means.
“Elections must be held in Delhi immediately. There is no other option to end the political uncertainty,” he said.
BJP, however, welcomed the announcement of by-elections.
“The announcement of by-elections to three Assembly seats has proved BJP is ready to go to the people at appropriate time. The results of by-elections will decide which party is more popular in Delhi,” Delhi BJP President Satish Upadhyay said.
Earlier, the Election Commission announced bypolls to three assembly constituencies in Delhi which fell vacant after BJP MLAs were elected to the Lok Sabha.
The three seats of the 70-member assembly fell vacant in May after sitting BJP legislators Harsh Vardhan, Pravesh Verma and Ramesh Bidhuri were elected to the Lok Sabha.
Delhi is under President’s Rule after the resignation of AAP government in February.
Lt Governor Najeeb Jung had not favoured dissolution of Delhi assembly as recommended by the council of ministers headed by Kejriwal and kept the assembly in suspended animation.
The Lt Governor had last month sent a report to President Pranab Mukherjee seeking permission to invite BJP to form a government in Delhi.
In the report, Jung gave a detailed analysis of the political situation and underlined the need to have an elected government in the city.
The Centre is yet to respond to the Lt Governor’s letter.

Cameron refuses to pay 1.7 EU surchargeUpdated: October 25, 2014 22:42 IST
Cameron refuses to pay £1.7 billion EU surcharge
Parvathi Menon
European Union
Speaking at the end of a European Summit in Brussels, an angry David Cameron said that a surcharge of £1.7 billion that the European Commission has asked the United Kingdom to pay by December 1 was “completely unacceptable”.
“I’m not paying that bill on December 1,” the Prime Minister said. “It is not going to happen.”
The demand for the one-off payment comes because of new estimates of U.K.’s gross national income on the basis of standards set by Eurostat, the European statistical agency. These estimates show that Britain’s economy has performed better than other European economies and is therefore required to pay more into the common fund. Britain therefore has to pay its arrears as it were, although it has been hit with a bill much higher than say for the Netherlands, Italy, Cyprus and Greece.
It now transpires that the British Treasury knew about the surcharge but had not briefed the Prime Minister before the summit. The Chancellor of the Exchequer George Osborne knew about the impending demand but did not brief Mr. Cameron.
Mr. Cameron was put in a spot when the media asked him why his own Chancellor had not kept him informed about the payment. “You want to know the ‘who knew what whens’ and all the rest of it but actually, frankly, you don’t need a Cluedo set to know that someone has been clubbed with the lead piping in the library.”
He also found little support within the European Commission. The Dutch government, for example, had set aside reserves for its payment; the French President Francoise Holland (France is to receive a rebate of one billion euros) told Mr. Cameron to “stick to the rules”; and Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi denied that he had ever said “This is not a figure, this is a lethal weapon,” a statement that Mr. Cameron attributed to him.
National treasuries knew of the payments they would have to pay early this week as the EU budget of 2015 is being finalised. Nine countries have been identified for paying extra costs, and the concerned leaders have convened an emergency meeting of Finance Ministers next month to sort out the disagreements.
The issue will have political repercussions for Mr. Cameron and the Conservative party, who are facing pressures from eurosceptic right wing in both the United Kingdom Independence Party (UKIP) and even within their own ranks. There is a by-election coming up in Rochester where there is a Conservative-UKIP face-off. Mr. Cameron has promised an in-out referendum on the EU in 2017 if his party forms the next government. He has also promised a restructuring of ties with the EU if the referendum is not for pulling out of the EU.

Iraqi Officials: Islamic State Used Chlorine GasIslamic State Used Chlorine Gas During Fighting, Iraqi Officials Say
 | By                                                                QASSIM ABDUL-ZAHRA and SAMEER N. YACOUB
Posted:
reddit
BAGHDAD (AP) — Islamic State militants used chlorine gas during fighting with security forces and Shiite militiamen last month north of Baghdad, Iraqi officials said on Friday.
The use of chlorine gas as a weapon adds a new concern to the turmoil in the country. The reports, if confirmed, would be the first time the Sunni extremists attempted to use chlorine since their blitz earlier this year that seized large chunks of territory in northern Iraq and neighboring Syria.
Three Iraqi officials — a senior security official, a local official from the town of Duluiya and an official from the town of Balad — told The Associated Press that the Islamic State group used bombs with chlorine-filled cylinders during clashes in late September in the two towns.
The militants have failed to capture both Duluiya, 75 kilometers (45 miles) north of Baghdad, and Balad, 80 kilometers (50 miles) north of the Iraqi capital.
In the attacks, about 40 troops and Shiite militiamen were slightly affected by the chlorine and showed symptoms consistent with chlorine poisoning, such as difficulty in breathing and coughing, the three officials said. The troops were treated in hospital and quickly recovered.
The senior security official said it was most likely that the Islamic State fighters obtained the chlorine from water purification plants located in the areas they had overrun earlier. Iraqi intelligence has indicated that the IS group has some shells filled with chlorine and they are ready to be used, the official also said.
"The IS fighters seized some quantities of chlorine after seizing control of some water purification plants or sites where chlorine was kept," said the senior official, adding that the "IS group has some experts who were able to manufacture chlorine shells."
The three officials, who spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak to media, did not elaborate or provide more details. The use of chlorine by the IS group in Iraq in September was first reported by the Washington Post.
Chlorine, a chemical used in industry and water purification process, was first introduced as a chemical weapon at Ypres in World War I with disastrous effects because gas masks were not easily available at the time.
In neighboring Syria, a joint U.N. fact-finding mission sent to investigate alleged chlorine attacks was ambushed and briefly detained by armed men earlier this year in rebel-held territory. The mission had said it was virtually certain chlorine had been used as a chemical weapon in the country's north.
Syrian President Bashar al-Assad had agreed with the United States and Russia to dispose of his chemical weapons — an arsenal that Damascus had never previously formally acknowledged — after hundreds of people were killed in a sarin gas attack on the outskirts of the capital, Damascus, in the summer of 2013. But chlorine was not listed as part of the Syrian arsenal.
Chlorine gas, when inhaled, swallowed or exposed to through skin causes difficulty in breathing, coughing, and eye and skin irritation. It is not as toxic or effective at killing as sarin, a nerve agent, and experts say it is difficult to achieve high concentrations of chlorine by dropping it from the air.
In 2011 in Baghdad, hundreds of people were sickened by a chlorine gas cloud that leaked over the Iraqi capital after an explosion at a water treatment plant.
Also on HuffPost:

Happy New Year sees the best opening everHappy New Year sees the best opening ever
Father  son and the holy CourtUpdated: October 25, 2014 01:52 IST
Father, son and the holy Court
K. Chandru
Tweet
The Hindu
SEAT OF JUSTICE: The Bar Council of India must suitably amend relevant rules and uphold the faith of the common man in the judiciary. Picture shows the Supreme Court. Photo: Rajeev Bhatt
TOPICS
lawyer
Senior advocate Fali S. Nariman appearing in cases before the Supreme Court where his son is a judge has revived an old debate regarding the appropriateness of such appearances
In 1967, when U.S. President Lyndon B. Johnson appointed the son of U.S. Supreme Court Judge Tom C. Clark as the Attorney General, Clark promptly resigned from his post. This was because an Attorney General will have to make frequent appearance in the court in which his father will be one of the judges adorning the bench and in that Supreme Court all the nine judges sit together. But in India that has not been the case. Right now the matter regarding the appropriateness of a lawyer appearing in a court in which his near relative is a judge has gained significance in the context of Fali S. Nariman, a leading senior advocate of the Supreme Court, continuing to appear in cases before the Supreme Court in which his son Rohinton F. Nariman has become a Judge since July 2014. While some criticism was aired regarding this in public, Mr. Nariman dismissed complaints maintaining that there is no legal bar for such appearance and said that everyone is equal before the law.
What rules say
Until 1961, in India, there were instances in which lawyers appeared in the same court over which their relatives were presiding. But after the Advocates Act, 1961 empowered the Bar Council of India to frame rules on the matter, such incidences have become rare. Under Rule 6 of the norms established by the Bar Council, no lawyer can practise in a court where any of his relatives functions as a judge. The list of such relatives included his/her father, grandfather, son, grandson, uncle, brother, nephew, stepbrother, husband, wife, daughter, sister, aunt, niece, father-in-law, brother-in-law or sister-in-law. However, there have been controversies as to whether the term ‘court’ mentioned in this Rule refers only to the court of that particular judge or the entire court where the relative works.
During the early 1980s, this rule came up for interpretation before the Karnataka High Court. Pramila Nesargi, a woman advocate who got married to Nesargi, a Karnataka High Court Judge who had lost his wife at that time, appeared before the court of Justice P.P. Bopanna. She was not a senior advocate at that time and as her name did not find mention in the vakalat filed in that case, the Judge directed her to file a vakalat to represent her client. The next day when her name appeared in the cause list, the judge who heard her case refused to allow her to appear before any judge in the Karnataka High Court.
He ruled: “The Bar Council prohibits a lawyer from appearing in a Court where a close relative works as a judge. While the term ‘court’ does not specifically refer to all the courts in a particular High Court, we should be strict in respect of a wife. A wife has an intimate relationship with her husband. Many matters discussed among judges would reach her ears. When a woman who has access to confidential matters in respect of a Court is allowed to practise in the same Court as a lawyer, it can spell danger.”
" Advocates Act, 1961 empowered the Bar Council of India to frame rules so that no lawyer can practise in a court where any of his relatives functions as a judge. "
Subsequently, the matter was raised before the Supreme Court which ordered notice to the Bar Council. But the case was not taken to its logical end and the matter became infructuous as the counsel involved became a senior advocate and the Judge concerned was superannuated. Yet the controversy over the interpretation of the rule still continues to haunt the courts. When Justice P. Balakrishna Iyer became a judge of the Madras High Court, his son advocate P. B. Krishnamoorthy shifted his practice to another State. There was also a strange practice adopted by a lawyer in the early 1970s. The said lawyer used to sign hundreds of memos of appearances in bail applications so that those matters will not go before his father-in-law judge, who was known to be strict regarding granting of bail.
When Justice V. R. Krishna Iyer became a Supreme Court judge, his son who was a lawyer as well, chose not to practise in any court in India opting for private employment. Justice V. Sivaraman Nair of the Kerala High Court had worked as a junior of Justice Krishna Iyer. But as soon as his daughter and daughter-in-law started practising in the Kerala High Court, he requested the President of India to transfer him to another State.
Justice Leila Seth, a former Chief Justice of Himachal Pradesh writing in her autobiography recalled her experience in the Patna High Court regarding the two kinds of ‘practice’ the Bar had adopted.
She wrote: “I heard people talking about ‘Uncle Practice’ and ‘Lal Jhanda’. I wondered what all this was about. I learnt that, since a son was not permitted practice in his father’s court, if you did not want the matter to be heard by that court, you briefed the son and thus stopped the matter from going before the father; you had put out a warning ’Red Flag’. This misuse of a rule that had been incorporated to prevent partisan decisions was apparently quite prevalent, and some young lawyers even managed to make a living out of it. It was also rumoured that certain judges favoured the sons of their brother judges, and so the ‘Uncle Practice’ thrived.”
In S. P. Gupta’s case (1981) dealing with the judges’ transfer issue relating to close relations taking undue advantage of a sitting judge, the following way out was suggested to avoid embarrassment: “We have to take into account the advice given by the CJI in one of the seminars that where close relations of a Judge or the Chief Justice practise in the same court and are likely to gain undue advantage, the concerned judge should himself, in obedience to the keen sense of justice which every Judge possesses opt to be transferred to some other High Court.”
In 1997, all the judges of the Supreme Court assembled under the Chairmanship of Chief Justice J. S. Verma and adopted a resolution on ‘The Values in Judicial Life’. That resolution stated that a judge should prohibit a close relative of his from appearing in his court. It also stated that no relative of his should practise law while staying in the Judge’s house. Markandeya Katju, in his judgment in Raja Khan’s case, sounded a warning on the ills of kith and kin being allowed to practise in the same court as their relatives. He said: “Some Judges have their kith and kin practising in the same court, and within a few years of starting practice the sons or relations of the Judge become multimillionaires, have huge bank balances, luxurious cars, huge houses and are enjoying a luxurious life. This is a far cry from the days when the sons and other relatives of Judges could derive no benefit from their relationship and had to struggle at the bar like any other lawyer.”
What is the way out?
When Justice R. M. Lodha took over as the Chief Justice of India, some presspersons raised a question as to whether it was not possible to prohibit relatives of a judge from practising as lawyers in the same Court. He replied that it was up to the Bar to find a solution to the problem. He also dismissed a public interest litigation filed by advocate M. L. Sharma seeking a ban on the relatives of judges practising in the same courts.
With the controversy reviving in the context of Mr. Nariman appearing in the court where his son is a judge, the Bar Council of India must be called upon to suitably amend relevant rules and uphold the faith of the common man in the judiciary.
(K. Chandru is a retired Judge of the Madras High Court.)
Correction
>>There was a reference to Justice A.S. Bopanna in the Comment page article – “Father, son and the holy Court” (Oct. 24, 2014). It should have been Justice P.P. Bopanna.

Nirbhay will be backbone of cold-start  say expertsIndia's first indigenously designed and developed long range sub-sonic cruise missile Nirbhay.
TOPICS
missile systems
Nirbhay, India’s first long-range subsonic cruise missile, which was test-fired on October 17, can be a game-changer in India’s strategic calculus, defence analysts and strategic experts feel.
Capable of flying at a tree-top altitude for over 1,000 km, Nirbhay can carry out surgical strikes and thus back up India’s “cold start” doctrine that envisages limited, precise strikes across the border. The introduction of nuclear weapons in the subcontinent has virtually stalled a conventional Indian response to Pakistan’s cross-border terrorism.
“India is confronted with the problem of developing a strategy to counter Pakistan’s ‘first-strike’ and continuing proxy war,” says Dr. Monika Chansoria, Senior Fellow at the Centre for Land Warfare Studies. She points out that Pakistan cites “India’s conventional military threat” to maintain its own offensive strategic posture and India will have to develop a response to this.
In this context, “cold start” has been put forward as an offensive doctrine by the Indian strategic establishment. Though “officially denied,” its presence is widely acknowledged in strategic circles.
In the event of an Indian offensive, a volley of missiles flying low can effectively take out key command and control centres, blunting the resistance to the advancing armoured columns.
“The successful indigenous development of Nirbhay cruise missile will fill a vital gap in the war-fighting capabilities of our armed forces,” Avinash Chander, Director-General, Defence Research and Development Organisation, said after the test launch on October 17.
Defence analyst Rahul Bedi observes that Nirbhay will be a force multiplier to the in-waiting “cold start” doctrine, but the doctrine itself is a non-starter as of now for lack of critical assets such as artillery, armour and helicopters. The Army has to fast-forward acquisition and induction of these platforms.
In the short-term, experts believe that Nirbhay, along with its shorter-range supersonic sibling BrahMos, will form the backbone of the doctrine.

Clean India campaign: Modi praises media for coverageNew Delhi, October 25, 2014
Updated: October 30, 2014 17:17 IST
Modi lauds media role in Swachh Bharat campaign
Gargi Parsai
waste reduction
Says journalists have turned their 'pens into brooms'
Seeking to quell criticism that there is no media interaction with the Prime Minister’s Office under the new National Democratic Alliance regime, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Saturday reached out to the media at a BJP function to mark Diwali and New Year “as celebrated in Gujarat.”
The Prime Minister chose his pet subject, the Clean India Campaign, for his outreach to praise the media for highlighting the importance of the campaign, particularly the lack of sanitation, as this was hurting India’s image abroad and spreading disease in the country.
I saw several TV channels showing dirt left behind after crackers. I congratulate them for spreading awareness on importance of cleanliness
— Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) October 24, 2014
Striking a friendly note, Mr. Modi said he was “obliged” that journalists had turned their “pens into brooms” and were contributing collectively to a national cause, which in any case was not the job of the government alone.
“Clean India is a precursor to a healthy India. Lack of sanitation not only hurts India’s image abroad but also breeds diseases. More important than healthcare is preventive health,” he said. Much to the disappointment of those present, the Prime Minister did not take any questions from the invited galaxy of editors, owners of media houses and reporters but he did convey that he wanted to deepen and expand his earlier relationship with the media. “I remember laying chairs and waiting for you at the BJP headquarters here [as a party office-bearer],” he said amid laughter.
Several friends told me that a lot of people cleaned the areas where they burst crackers during Diwali. I congratulate them for the efforts.
— Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) October 24, 2014
Much to the disappointment of those present, the Prime Minister did not take any questions from the invited galaxy of editors, owners of media houses and reporters but he did convey that he wanted to deepen and expand his earlier relationship with the media. “I remember laying chairs and waiting for you at the BJP headquarters here (as a party office-bearer),” he said amidst laughter.
"Media has converted its pen into broom. This is a service to the nation."
Referring to ‘Swachh Bharat’ campaign he said the government alone cannot do everything and he was grateful for the part played by the media in giving wide publicity to the campaign and contributing to the national cause as a everybody’s issue.`` Although 80 per cent of media coverage is critical of the government, this is an issue that impacts the country’s image and the poorest.’’
"Media has inspired people to take part in cleanliness exercise."
Sharing the dais with Mr. Modi were Party President Amit Shah senior ministers Rajnath Singh, Sushma Swaraj, Prakash Javadekar and party general secretary J.P. Nadda. Union Ministers Arun Jaitley, Dharmendra Pradhan and Piyush Goyal were also present as were several party office bearers giving the media an opportunity to get to know the VVIPs over lunch that followed.
Earlier Mr. Shah said with the BJP in power at the centre the mood of despondency in the country is over and the government has delivered in its four months of governance.

New Maharashtra government likely next weekNew Delhi, October 25, 2014
Updated: October 25, 2014 18:25 IST
New Maharashtra government likely next week
PTI
Tweet
The Hindu
In this October 19, 2014 photo, BJP Maharashtra unit president and frontrunner for the Chief Minister's post Devendra Fadnavis celebrates at the party office in Mumbai.
TOPICS
political development
The new BJP government in Maharashtra is likely to be sworn in on October 29 or 30, party sources said in Mumbai on Saturday.
Union Minister Rajnath Singh, BJP’s central observer for election of the legislature party leader, is expected to arrive in Mumbai on Monday and election is likely to take place the next day, a top BJP leader said in Mumbai in an informal interaction with journalists.
Back channel talks were said to be on between the BJP and estranged former ally Shiv Sena for forming a coalition government.
The BJP, which has emerged as the single largest party in the 288-member Assembly with 122 seats, has already been offered outside support by the 41-member strong NCP.
With its 63 MLAs, the Sena is the second largest party in the House.
Meanwhile, Rashtriya Samaj Paksha leader Mahadev Jankar, whose party is a pre-poll ally of the BJP and has one MLA, said his party is not in favour of any tie-up with the NCP.
“We want the new government to come to power without the backing of NCP or Congress against whom BJP fought the poll and highlighted their corruption,” Mr. Jankar said after meeting State BJP chief Devendra Fadnavis, who continues to be the frontrunner for the post, though there are some more names doing the rounds. .
Mr. Jankar said his party wanted representation in the new Ministry.
‘Uddhav not scheduled to meet Modi’
Meanwhile, terming Mr. Modi’s visit to Mumbai as apolitical, the Sena said party president Uddhav Thackeray was not scheduled to meet him in Mumbai or even in the national capital later, and talks for government formation would start only on Monday.
The Prime Minister on Saturday inaugurated the H.N. Reliance Foundation’s hospital in Mumbai.
“The Prime Minister has come to Mumbai only to inaugurate a hospital. At a time when the PM has come for a social cause, there will be no political talks. Talks will start only from Monday,” Sena MP from Ratnagiri-Sindhudurg Vinayak Raut told reporters in Mumbai, after meeting Mr. Thackeray at his residence.
When asked if Mr. Thackeray was scheduled to meet Mr. Modi in Delhi next week, Mr. Raut said no meeting had been scheduled.
“We haven’t had a talk with BJP regarding Modi’s (possible) meeting with Uddhav Thackeray. For now, I can only say that all the Sena MPs will be attending the Diwali dinner (organised by the Prime Minister) tomorrow,” Mr. Raut said.
Asked what would be the Sena’s stand if the BJP decided to form the government without its support, Mr. Raut said Mr. Thackeray would take a decision in the party’s interest.
“If BJP wants to form a government without our support, it will be BJP leaders’ call. Thackeray is keenly observing every development. He is well-poised to take a decision that will be good for the future of the Sena,” Mr. Raut said.

Android chief Sundar Pichai to head Googles productsbusinessSunar Pichai will now oversee Google products like search, maps, Google+, commerce, advertising and infrastructure. (Source: IE archive)
By: PTI | New York | Posted: October 25, 2014 8:06 pm | Updated: October 26, 2014 8:17 am
India-born chief of Google’s Android unit, Sundar Pichai, will now lead the US-based search engine giant’s global products business as part of management
reorganisation.
According to industry sources, Google CEO Larry Page is transferring leadership of core Google products to Pichai, who will now oversee products like search, maps, Google+, commerce, advertising and infrastructure.
Also, six executives who previously reported to Page, including heads of research, social media and search, will now report to Pichai, they added.
Google has, however, left out its video sharing service, YouTube, out of the restructuring exercise. Pichai, who is currently SVP, Android, Chrome & Apps, has been adding key Google businesses under his ambit since joining the company in 2004.
He started with managing Chrome browser and took over the Android unit in March 2013.
Born in Chennai, the 42-year old has worked at Applied Materials and McKinsey & Co.
An IIT-Kharagpur alumnus, Pichai has also attended the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania, Stanford University.

BJP workers geared up to fight Assembly pollsBJP workers geared up to fight Assembly polls
Weapons seized near borderWeapons seized near border
